 This is going to be right on the border of too cold for a t-shirt and too warm for a sweater. Does everyone get it? Sorry, is Anders Kramer-P to find horse trading commercial 17. Cool. That's the case 3, no impact, no alert. 21 appeasement of military combat in Russia and China. We're training our states to meet a similar congenial international environment. These are hard-earned dreams of expansion by military that seriously seems to bend as the country's want. Let's remember once again that we support war if the US ever substantially undisturbed another China-Russia-Nike-Russia. The present challenge is not for easy, it would be a stagnation. Worst case scenario would be China-Nike-Russia-Perioda. Economic reasons for striking a direct class is clear. We're pushing a decisive fence. It's like a man-in-the-window. We decide to concede, hyper-autonomic, simple, but no impact, which means that the plan can't succeed. Nuclear policy, the last rescue, is to stop a policy and over-sue to adopt it, to over-sue the policy, and talk about how it was declared to use, won't be used, attack against South Sea and actually the list is evident in the proposed changes. Totally neutral to the debate. Two, parameters must be much harder to prove themselves, must be used in specific situations and improve their merits in the abstract. All exceptions, fundamentally, overestimate the main variables of the output. We've always seen the purpose of a change, they had a few, until the exceptions told their whole truth. 20, the NFU agreement with Korea must serve for China's U.S. funds being penalized as a result of a violation of the Nicaragua-Malaysia-San Diego treaty. The United States is trying to make a new nuclear response condition, one providing reassurance, while others are just rendering it very much to the UK. For instance, they look over the impossible limit of the use of nuclear conditions, giving them a new opportunity to accommodate new allies. For much of the climate we meet, one, they don't. They don't eliminate U.S. nuclear first use. We meet as a simple yes-no question. Can nuclear weapons be used first on the planet? The answer is yes. They have some. First use, not no. First use, too, means under no circumstances can nuclear weapons be used first. Kobayashi, you have 32 NFUs in the policy, but not completed before the point of the NFU policy. We change it then. I'll be back. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank son. First use, not no. First use, two. Means under no circumstances can your speaker's first quote be actually valid. 32. Interfuge is a policy, but not committed before the vote. Another view of the policy would be that under no circumstances would under no circumstances be the first one to rule. 2. Retaliation. Predicts the defective serve. A one-off error. Every half could include the rest. A cheat will never be a voting issue. Next. Always have to give a true and honest view. In substance versus science. View 2. Half-pride of the explain the land in context. Speechless. Then. Some of the evidence just has to be binding. Otherwise, no negative.. 3. They don't mean to be with others because the land is safe over here so go dig up a presumption. Context 1. Their card is about non-first use, non-first use, inserted 2. No intent in mind. Context 2. Proposals use it in passing. Olman evidence 1. They don't mean it's about country specific NFU. That's cross-sex 2. It's also not thinking of eulogy. It's also thinking of including bilateral or geographical limitations. There's no logical way to draw the line. That's a deal where we only are in term of violence. That's because of no means. So they prevent affirmatives like MRE's that say that we should not target the sort of counter for the nuclear capabilities of other countries. They could caveat even within specific countries to a particular geographic region, which would just take one strike plane off the table, which obviously is a disaster for a limited period. I'm going to build a program to effectively combat crisis, even if we're promised to not use nukes first. And nukes first in the Arctic is an Arctic NFU. It is not a nuclear no first use policy, which would require not being the first to use nukes first in the Arctic is an Arctic NFU. It is not a nuclear no-first-use policy which would require not being the first to use nukes. For Africa's great UCS28 nuclear no-first-use policy means the US would never implement a number being the first nation to use nuclear weapons. In any conflict, a geographically qualified first use is a sacred no-first-use. The picture proves likely that all 84 possible first uses are shortcomings. That does not mean that no-first-use is a commitment to no-first-use. However, company offered their alternative to first-use, no-first-use pledges, which make it their goal to suggest a contribution to the Icebergs and Assault Major. Alternatives to no-first- a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States is a free state. The United States areas can be explained by how the NFU is explained. Also pretty much what the US has done with nuclear NFU. 2. Policy makers might differentiate between NFU and some form of subordinating on how their state and policies can have differences, whether united in their purpose of reducing nuclear weapons to only a nuclear conflict. 3. To the triad, they can eliminate the bomber when the advantage is about forward deployment, being unstable cost trading off with modernization, or the icing of the advantage is about accidents, or both with advantages above the norm of deterrence. 4. 3. Disarmament or deterrent protection preserves variety and advantages to the mechanism. So a A. Face approach to arguing the number of cells in global follow-on. B. Ratify the TVNW with the NBT ban on the man-at-war-made article. C. Partake in nuclear deterrence as gendered or racialized. D. Possession violates the international prohibition on the eco-side. E. Judicially put, disarmament, arguing that possession threatens to dispossess the U.S. population of life without due process. That is bloody mox. Even if H. Tom Gary and Katya Yosef testph said that would be perfect for any queer topic. Glass and Louis 18. I know it's good to talk about topicality, but I don't expect anybody to justify something's background for a reason, or whatever. I mean, a case is literally one. A case was two, one other shouldn't be 50, there's a happy medium. And it's like three to five. The next argument is background. One was answered above, there's plenty of background. Two, Ned Brown always speaks his name, Ned is always reactionary. Three, Bill Pink's argument. The Pink's are easily being by operational shifts, shift key, and perception of exceptions. Bad or just the exception is bad. For example, new game game response to an asteroid or a biological weapon is very easy to demonstrate that that is bad, even if it is not so in the case. Precision argument 1 is a wash because all rare evidence defines that view. 2, debatability outweighs. We are not at a dictionary contest. We're trying to facilitate equal debating on the terms of a sort of abstract and weird activity. Resolution framing 1 goes negatively, but it's her quote, option A, most limited, which means that if you should find it in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O- The court found it was the best NFU distinction throughout the process, not the magnitude of their achievement. We developed a tolerance of literature, so the outcry of expulsion is well supported. That's why we've seen reasonability. 1. They are not, as they write the topic, in the laws under their own standards. 2. Reasonability is bad. It's arbitrary and costs the judge to intervention to kill a threat. 3. Convening interpreters is best. It costs the briefs to the topic and encourages the best practice. 4. Yes, because that's the evidence. It's about the NFU posture. It is for weirdos, but our evidence is about defining NFU policy. We are not going for that. That's an independent interpretation, but all of our evidence—the policy thing is an independent interpretation, but of our evidence finds no first use policy in context back up to the overwhelming debate there are host of sub options for making the committee legally enforceable in capital 18 and a few notes on the number of variations and options the courts have allotted but nothing that appears to violate the timing behind that and I'll show as a host of sub options at the end of the debate