 Yeah. We have a section where we think we're going to go to here. That's a thing. I'll read it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So yeah. Mer up. Okay. Always know it blocks to our movies. It's the first movie that amputates to our book, where would I I'm not sure if you're interested in that. I know that's something very helpful to us as well. We did the same thing, and we were like, N of U all new? Yeah. Well, we got to go get these. So, except the assignments N of U for Haggle reasons? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You bet. Make sure I get to record. Yeah. Okay. I don't know. Okay. Okay. Okay. Everyone? Yeah. Yes. I think I got to know. Oh. I'll be. I'll be okay. Okay. Okay. One, two, or? No, it's not. Great. Yup. Awesome. Contented one is unique. In American Global Communities, our ones and state of the one is oversturchling combination. Global commitments and rural supply chains make short term class level electron. The top, yeah. 24 years. We're both the officials that are maturing together. We're both the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. Attention to is it coming and trapped. Collapsing power protection makes the traditional strategies strategic and the beauty of life. Our global commitment is untenable. Adversers that Alice will receive changing balance of power and test our commitments in response for our 3-24 button. Keep the experience of our spiritual mission. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to Alice. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We're all the researchers that are moving a little closer to the result. We've seen that. Your answer. You good. Yeah. OK. I want to start on the desktop, Trump when your evidence deciding pulls, why is that a good metric? Well, polls generally indicate the nature of election because it's a single of voters' opinions and empirically polls have been used as an indicator to predict election results. The second thing is that the polls are only warrant the cake and evidence, since a Trump because Biden is, Biden does not enjoy the typical advantages of incumbency because everyone is paying attention to Biden's bill of foreign policy strategy. Trump has a foreign policy strategy that is more palatable to Americans now because young voters support a military. Young voters, old voters alike care tons about foreign policy and that's why Trump wins. No, it's not. That's just like, yeah. No, we're not even looking. And I was making, as the Trump and boy enjoys the advantages of incumbency because everyone knows about his last presidency and generally likes it. Biden really likes it. Everyone's in Biden's last presidency. Like, that's what the Republicans have. Okay. But Biden has the disadvantage of incumbency because like Ukraine, inflation, jobs are all tighter. That's not going to be the most interesting book. Okay. Europe scenario, Europe who operates with new contracts in like the world, the app. No. Nope. What do they do? It's about European rearm. So that would be conventionally rearming and that would mean. Why is conventional regard to the most palatable scenario? Like they're no longer under number less so they go conditional. Why? Well, like, I mean, that doesn't have to be the only thing that Europe does. But our Evan said that in order to compensate for the US's overstretch conventional commitments, Europe will develop conventionally, of conventionally strong army because the US is currently disproportionately holding, holding. Do you think you're going to have a product saying that Europe has like the capabilities to develop those capacities? Vault. Yes. Like the. Vault. Why? Where would you think Walt says that's attention set? Oh, it says. Yeah. You know what? Europe has more than enough power to develop her or to keep Russia up. Do, do, do, do, do. Like, Europe members have vastly more of the power than Russia. Four times more people that are economies are kind of times larger even if we allow for higher cost of education and efficiencies. Yeah. That's like the countries are like geographically and have more people like bigger. But where do you think it is? Like, countries are stronger. Their arms and mysteries are more sophisticated. Like, I don't know what else goes. Okay. We'll use less. Can we track what countries are under the umbrella? Like, what can she's drawing in the United States? This is what we should do. I don't have a mutual. Probably. I think that's a good thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's my favorite off. Ricky Oh. wchpower Dusk and frbr wch scraps and clades home. What all Claire youohn. Mellow wchpower to sometimes I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. I'm not a fan of the other people. Okay. Let'sanda and Spin. Can we tow to acquire the Cormac? I'll Wickstra, the fish. but you need this slash or a chance to sign uh, working pick secret kind of one car con critique interoperability kind of one charts uh, you sent the one in CD again I'm so confused just doubles down these are secretly all of us actually I'm going to take practice I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Okay Okay so I'm with so commit the trap Europe I will then answer non-credible Russia pick secret con con disability interoperability assurance functions let me pay to hold up And like this is on a very bottom loop. Okay, cool. Okay. I guess why does why does dims were wrong on polls mean that Trump being good on polls mean he wins like what war is that? Because that's card is like that polls don't mean the action. So, I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I most people if you go out upon the street at memory university and ask people about what they think about how nuclear Notre quite a no for serious policy they be like get out on my face. The Europe-advantaged OCO shift. What operations is the US and have they'll be doing that? Clear evidence says that the US is trying to hack other countries on the third. Hack with other countries in a series of which countries, one of these operations looking like? Russia. Well, I had a little Russia because that's the thing that's wrong. Yeah, sure. The sources are trying to end North Korea. What do they look like? Yeah, like what do these operations look like? That's a Tyler Virgo question, man. I'm not a hacker. That's a Tyler Virgo question, man. I'm not a hacker. I'm not a hacker. I'm not a burner question. I'm not a security establishment that's committed to OCOs in the form of nuclear-adsy-dragics. Okay. Yeah, that's fine. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Let's see. Did I move a guitar or something? Yes. Do you think he ran a car made an argument that the app solves Asian Generator? Yes, it is. Okay. What else would have the bullets you think we have? What would you think we have? So probably not what was it. Okay, I want to make sure for that. Yeah, I just want to make sure. Before I end it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hey, Colin, you read the Frederick card on the year of the manuscript? Uh, so is that the second in the birth card? Yeah. I'm Martin, though. Uh, we're at one side. Uh, I have a like read for you. You can just say that the word. Um... Yeah, sorry. I'm not gonna talk to you. You okay? Uh, no. Uh, there is currently a little evidence for our federal citizens to help them. Thank you. Uh, yes. Okay. Um, I have something on my clipboard. Okay. It's, um, for the first place. It's a 34. And you stopped at 533? Uh, yeah. I'm really bad at converting. It's really hard to get in time. Okay. Uh, different order. Uh, the secret counterplan, or like the great word pick, the Russia pick, the con con counterplan, the process counterplan, the commitment tracks the image, the year of the image. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm sorry. Our counterplan is not an exception for this policy. We will never use first, which means we will never use first in the instance of a commitment trap. This argument is nonsensical. The next or the or the 2X4 and 5, which are both deficits for Europe and manage, we will concede them because we are kicking the plank and straight turning the advantage. So final order, the second last argument was the least. They marked the Harry's card before it said anything, but then it's not about New Center's thumb argument, two C-huries at all. In 23 years, about the war in Ukraine and US final and how it's between the nuclear posture of the United States military officials would not be weak because they're not about military documents, but rather three or four or five people who actually have the nuclear codes deciding that we will not use first in any conflict of the final argument of theory, negative state action. It's good, one predictability in ground and it has essential part of the resolution that was shooting forces and adopting internet views designed really out this way. Any positive view, I'll go to signaling the advantage. You can say two, them two. They want to see for lies on the opportunity shifts and too far as at some point warlocks have to flip, the decision making categories to justify an internet view three this round. The counterplan gets hosed in any other debate or any debate where they have an advantage based on any form of signaling, which gives us a leg under the game, they get small US first like an FBI to reject the argument, not the team. It's not objects we have no YouTube in the actors, not the nuclear forces in the U.S. or the world peace, next up, the counter counterplan. Or I guess the rush fix, sorry, that was an order. Can see the permutation just to catch the test and composition of the offense. We're not going for a counter. Can see the permutation just to test the competition not going for a conditionality is good. One, they flex mobile levels, and the multi-angles level playing field. The next is always actually an afterwards internet prep and new clarification to, innovation, tune, service, and very small line clause, they've been testing three critical thinking courses that have been created and tackled to it. It's for logic, find out, it's a policy option, it's for the advocacy, so they make the playing good. It's for you, it's inevitable from speed high, to top of the quality, but to an organization, so this is a tonality. It's bad to explain the lack of data research about how to make a process and be able to, but when I see it, it's completely new except for two graduate students, which should have infinite conditionality, so it's an infinite conditionality to respond to it, that process kind of way. Can see permutations, but not going for all the theoretical research that we're entering on. The first counterplan, crisis commitment tracks. There's no chat with a whole house, so online, to the heroes, family members are entirely Army. We're queuing with safety, but have you, keeping an eye on their community? And my performance, when they have a school linomial, as long as the Ideally History helps us. So the next time, we have the right time at the Gardeanschet Institute, if you look it at their Siberian setting, is you and Rowan secondary, so if you're not engaging with that, This is supposed to be the stuff that I like on this US. It's not that they don't know what I'm able to occur. And there's a way this is where they're going to go. I'll go in and see how I was on the internet. It's on a news production for survival. And framing for the argument is that all and none of their cards are around you. We are going to be clicking on the charts. But conventional community community in the charts we just as bad on the driving United States into a war, which India will should increase other countries that use first aid. Their studies are not audience-class, we're backing down. It's when the biggest people have to split up. And 20 of their salesmen are going to be in the image chart that the people who did not pay their audience to ask for a read back down for using it. And then we're going to be going to be in the image that's the constitution of the country. And then we're going to be in the image chart. And then we're going to be in the image chart. And then we're going to be in the image chart. Functionally dropping in that back scenario. The first two arguments about the research, not our scenario. But they do this through the data. They do this through the district. There's no data of CS president's section. That's the Johnson & Evans-Swiffing. If the distinction was a new, which causes Russian user-illusioned questions, then we'll do this on the first-track extinction. They are the war guard for cyber-tech. It's called false-positive. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. It's very prevalent. In western libraries, why are you South Hyde African age authorised? It can be streets that are going to be asleep on vacation and PHP. No people are going to be right now just keeps going and we cannot forget what we have, the jump is gonna defeat the You're literally trying to make out on the details. I mean, I'm going to check out some of the other videos. I'm going to go to the one and the other. It's going to go anywhere. I'm going to divide this into the rush of re-review. Maybe I'll get resolved in the new settings. But then there will be other things that can happen in the record track. And multiple other things just aren't available. Like we did a very short card. I've never heard a chance of a multitude of impact. They read the impact. Even sports, not even a rush. I'm scared. I think it's because we have nuclear and conventional. So nuclear and nuclear and conventional capabilities are stronger than theirs. And they will not want to trigger another idea in order to provide information that's possible. So I'm going to talk about the next team when our chief sports have a bit of a neglect and a good relationship. And as a case of multi-touching, it's a negative decision. There are some one-ball series. It's a little too much of a region that they're not important enough for multi-use authors. I'm writing about a short-year practice in the multi-couple of the reason that you can turn it on and out. It's just going to reward that. And the senior virtual controller who who are putting as far as in. I just read this country, the idea that the other one says, I want to display it. And it's not something that you're going to be able to be in record since there is as an equally, or if you're in a country that will leave in their following or so. And if they do, if they won't be a legal, an exit probability of their abuse is low to be rational, or an exit probability of their loss of risk, or an exit probability of their loss of risk. As an asset, whether they're using new tools or not a shared information about this, or not a shared information about this, or not a shared information about the sort of activity that is not as well as a shared information for a live-out of your relationship and an exit that comes into play the argument, applies an interview so it risks the question of morality whether the cost of outcomes and how they have been alluded to. And maybe, and Russia will not just evade the negative ally. That's absurd, chronic crime. And as a question of experience, which one I get to have a certain variable to say, it's a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, which is a total out of our advocacy, so stopped for arts under roles Okay, you guys, yep. Cool. The counterpoint does not do anything, right? It just be out indefinitely if not doing something. It does not secretly declare it enough for you to determine. Well, it's just like US top military and nuclear people. I don't know who specifically those are, just like have a talk. We should never use nuclear weapons. Oh, so it does be out like a conference where they decide to... I don't think it needs to be a conference because there's like four or five people who have... I'm just not using a nuclear weapon. There's all the sides that we should not use a nuclear weapon. So there's a proactive decision made in a convening of... It's not just like... It's like rather than never into the future, it just decides to use the people. Well, like we add to the fiat that weapons will never be used first. If that's the question. Like Trump cannot reverse it. Sure. Okay, fine. Frederick have a lesson in the case. Yeah. Like obviously a little bit niticky, but this says key factors that make it unlikely are that NATO retains a large edge in overall conventional capabilities and NATO in the US in particular would respond militarily to incursion in the Baltics. Why is that not our uniqueness? It's not your uniqueness argument because the conclusion of that statement is that it would deter Russia from the United States. Yeah, it would be said that that should just gonna go away now. So we need to plan via EU rearmament to solve. Well, the Frederick evidence also says that nuclear weapons, there would be trigger article 5 in that this low cost, like Russia has high amounts of military weapons. It just says Russia maintains its nuclear deterrent. It does not talk about US or NATO weapons. But it's just about, you know, conventional capability. Yeah, it's just like a NATO. What? Which we said is a ruining now. Why is this a NATO? You've read evidence saying that it is sufficient in this. I guess whatever the Frederick was article, but we think that is sufficient defense to ask that. So, does the truancy contain any other defense to the claim that conventional presence deters Russian invasion of the Balkans? Any defense to the claim? Can you recite the evidence? Does the truancy have anything else to say about our internal link, which is conventional presence to the truancy of the Balkans? I think the answer is no. Well, the Roch's boss evidence is about conventional evidence or conventional deterrence in a sense for working. We've read other cards saying that nuclear deterrents, just like the multistonation of the defense. Yes. Okay, got it. But like our internal link to the, to the straight turns the internal link is not conventional presence. It is that NATO would require OCOs from the United States. Okay. In terms of like spoofing, like Putin gets scared because his news get hacked, do you think there's a difference between NATO doing that in the US? Uh, yes. One of those. Well, because NATO is not cohesively doing it in the status quo. Right. But like anyone hacking Russia news would call it. Well, the difference is that we've read evidence from 2023 saying that NATO is not doing it. We've read evidence from 2019, which is still newer than your evidence. The United States. The United States. Russia's news. And that causes extinction. Well, I guess the reason that NATO is scarier than just the United States on its own is because this cohesive and it is larger. But we've read evidence two pieces more recent than your evidence saying that there are not OCOs happening right now that they are only defensive. Okay. Since. Uh, hey. For a look at this. This legislation process kind of plan. The. Never. I didn't. I. I. Squeeved the physical. Sorry. I don't want to make a mention at all. What's up? Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah. You know picture moves. Oh, yeah. It feels so old. Watch the. That's what our future sense. Two thousand. Yeah. That's my. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't do it. I can't. I can't. I can't do it like cool. Yeah. For like twenty fifteen people. I forgot what the fuck they were saying. They have entire TV shows that are animated like that. What? OK. Holy shit, you really didn't move over the whole show. I really didn't. I don't have any reason that my profile picture. Got it. OK, I have a good one. OK. You're good. OK. Thank you. Thank you. Good. Can see the permutation test of competition not going for only office of the dollar tournament. But I'm excited to get the pro with this. I can see this and I have a lot of good assurance. Because they've only have a pro with good. And you said that will probably save a lot of these save losses. Things already the elections have trumped 2.0. I said it's going to be a power of protection of all the people. See, it's never said something about the lines. It's terrible. But cross reaches to the economy. And more and every lot of ways that make you a scary, accomplished, fancy, out-handed, wanted to share a little new video. It's a bunch of Maxwell's, say, if you hear her, she'll know, goes new. Trust me. I'm not going to be dangerous. I'm not the popular radio channel that you're using. I don't know. I'm the new. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Oh my gosh. identstems are an idtering of Ray blindness disorder yet is nothing but normal glass is I don't really find it. I don't really think I've ever been to the big carol, like if you win, I'm going to have to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. I'm going to take a turn early. Okay. Seven, five, five, six, six. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. The order is uniqueness. The European marriage. Commitment chops. The secret and the feeling. I like this. Just the big challenge. Do you hear me down on your head? Yeah, sure. You need this. The European marriage. Commitment chops. Secret counter-line elections. Was there a job? Yeah, there was. Okay. I'm going to get it. Okay. Okay. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. Damn. Drop that U.S. and GEME. The GEME is on a performing dress spread by a jury of the pan and China. That matters. They drop the U.S. but with drawn shirts on the long term and NATO will collapse after his resume. Risk a version of the issue of his article by Zoey Zobes or he did it. And also from the U.S. classes in Apple, your full dot, or just another. There's no link to any of the Europe I managed to say. Now, financial, then, financial troops do not turn NATO by collapsing now. The Frederick and the other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other and other