 The advantage of automation in the US is evolving into nuclear systems. AI risking catastrophic nuclear instability. Clari's running largest program modernizing NC3 pressing for the ground to drive to increase automation. Raised troubling questions about humanity's fate in nuclear showdown. The plans of the initial humans in the system for nukes were sponsored by AI. When the existing NC3 was done to provide seismic risk to make enough time to assess accuracy and quantum responses. These systems have been made for catastrophe. Period of safety in conventional nuclear weapons enabled analysts to avoid confusing non-nuclear arsenals. Machines could select and initiate an attack that invoked the norm about the loss of even control over nuclear use. Firing to assertion that automated launch ability is needed. No, we do not. Systems suffer from opacity and inflexibility, triggering inadvertent nuclear conflict, all at us when each of you risks. With AI, nuclear systems are inherent, opacity, driven by some vulnerability that affects viability. And if systems, algorithm for those systems, opaque, dangerous to regard to EW or decision systems, Stanislaw Petrov incident exemplifies, helping to make stress on technology proves valuable. There is uncertainty about dependability of AI, and electrons, correct, see, I can be opaque, and incomprehensible, and that works like a black box, encourage misjudgments, AI lack flexibility. And if humans react to unforeseen incidents, since weapons have only been used twice, There is uncertainty about dependability of AI. Electrons can be opaque and incomprehensible. ML works like a black box. Encourage misjudgment of AI. Life flexibility. When humans react to unforeseen incidents, it's worth knowing we've been used twice. There's not sufficient data to create stable detection. The possibility of new confrontation, like inadvertent use, entails the severest consequences. Inadvertent war is far more likely than deliberate nuclear escalation. Johnson 23 lessons from Crisisville, Kennedy, and McMillan. I'm apprehensive about risk of inadvertent escalation, rather than deliberate exchange of speed, uncertainty, and complexity. Decision-making by dead reckoning, dependent experience, and sound judgment of planners. The confusion caused by increased speed, decreased time for decision-making, for cooling off, and increased inadvertent risk pressures are amplified in digitizing systems, reducing time frame and increasing cognitive burdens by info overload, complexity, pressures, and decision-makers, since they have lower misperceptions. Independently, American nuclear AI decimates foreign second-strike capabilities, forcing other nations to either first-strike the U.S. or adopt unstable nuclear postures, both guaranteeing new poor. Johnson 23. AI used to augment knock down a force-put defender at a disadvantage, giving spears to help him escape mutual vulnerability, creating incentives to strike first, thus securing what he considers a second strike, more likely to disenchantants and non-autonomous systems. When the nukes, Chinese and Russian strategists extrapolate from US capabilities, even modest AI exacerbates fears and distrusts irrespective of whether AI produces game-changing means for self-defense abuse. In turn, it would be far more salient to adversaries unable to dismiss the possibility of AI drugs for liability than The forces of contingency. The US has been preparing for a shared concern with China. US Russia is threated by AI. US Russia, Korea, China with big mechanisms for de-escalation of past US trade deals and nukes has increased. China, Russia, and the issue of limitations of AI compromising safety, open, safe, stabilizing force during the Cold War, increased numbers of actors, increased uncertainty, heightened confidence regimes have used. The Nancy 3 is vulnerable. Korea, Pakistan, or China could accept an LIO posture or reject an NFU use AI to automate nuclear capability and predelicate launch stations and machines. Nuclear states lost confidence in their ability to be persuaded by automation. Externally, the signal opens Pandora's box, triggering a nuclear AI arms race, balled as plain to the face of nuclear confrontation. AI proves to be the opening for Pandora's box. Faster, complex in cycles, short reaction. New advantages shake up planning, most likely disregard limitations. Haste inclusion of AI aggregates this misprovoked armed race's turn into a shortcut to Armageddon. Tainted endeavors are necessary to reduce risk of misperception. The more AI could do, just as many effects as actual capability, the more systems are enhanced with AI, the greater the risk of escalation. That breaks the nuclear taboo and guarantees nuclear conflict, while displaying to you technological pressure, leads to armed freezes, further crisis sensibility, misperceptions, and miscalculations trigger nuke escalation suspicions. Concerning the adoption of AI, these states resort to destabilizing measures. This may weaken the nuclear taboo, but it means that nukes, more like the inherent nature of AI, becomes a problem. The fact that this software-based, makes tangible evaluation difficult in nuclear states, may easily misperceive adversaries' capabilities and then intentions. A strong taboo substantially decreases the scale and risk of nuke war. Bottom 19. The key The key mechanism is the nuclear taboo and the factor explaining the absence of nuclear war since World War II has been applied to all nuclear explosions largely due to general avulsion and non-explosions. Process of these grounds can be tested at nations and acceptance increases with genocides of nuclear explosions. More likely, for example, than to use some become more likely they would be used at scale. Plan. The United States should invest legal duties in artificial intelligence that restrict its integration with nuclear systems including automated launch capabilities. Finally, Solvency of the plan confers restrictive duties for AI and nuclear systems that achieves optimal deterrence and prohibits misused, just-explanatory discussion presupposed as either means of disciplining robots or a restrictive means used to discipline humans, or a retributive aspect that is critical. Both are unfounded rehabilitation and incapacitation are inapplicable to law, so you can't pathetically switch it off or destroy it, whereas rehabilitation is reprogrammed, suffering is not necessarily deterrence, decoupled from retribution in any system. Avoid behaviors that make it less likely to achieve purpose. Humans can interpret behavior to present a narrowed system that is predicated on targeting humans and basic principles used to drill into a machine. Human menace is used to perfect a combined and possible only human build deterrence part excellence. Those restraints are hard-coded, guaranteeing compliance. Galliard 18 robots could operate without ethical governors. Ethical action would not be in accordance with the narrow set of hard-coded rather than soft-coded interpretation constraints. Avoid protective behaviors. They would be more limited in technical nature and would not take lethal action. Vans lack global traction, but the plan solves by incenting mutual restraint. Shari 18, ban generates resistance. State C, development proceeding in a reasonable, prudent fashion. The more others take them away, the more uptakes of appealing ban will disarm only the law-abiding states who sign. That would be the worst of all outcomes in powering the world's most odious regimes. The weapon states have every incentive to cooperate, no matter what order they have less control over. A force of mutual restraint is interested especially for great powers. Given destruction, that more burdening restraint doesn't come from a treaty. A fear of a proxy generates restraint. Fiat is valuable, political enabling, and useful for our understanding of both political institutions. International politics, Cuber 23, treating contentious legal proposals as currently viable reform and institutional experimentation, helpful framework for peaceful legal division between means and ends rather than a way better society. Pre-figurative politics embodies hope for change as popular within anarchist circles. State and locking besides the pre-figurative practice straight out by state bodies and reform methods have wider reach applicable to legal reform to you, ethical for attention, some characterize speculative policy, reform as a form of play, play foregrounds, experimenting, role-playingplaying testing and pulls things in different directions academic research can be an experimental play if you would say that design takes seriously different features free of practice and short-term static calculation that is inviting others to participate in testing new relations discussing the global effects of nuclear conflict is valuable portal 17 possibility of earth scar by nuclear desolation just vulnerability of humans and functions by embracing shared power becomes opportunity to build new alliances and contests thinking it damages the Cold War potential for global war meaning No one was exempt from faith or emergency, thinking about how humanity is held in common beyond political and national difference, power, passive wars, attack, and countries as all people or species seem to imperil or call it up, share identity, may disagree, and nuclear bombs, which are the problem they represent, and innovating challenges, attempts to challenge nationalism, problematizing conceptual categories by which humanity was understood, debating nuclear risk as necessary, Bernstein, 18 students who today have left, lived experience, born after the Cold War, and with freedom to understand weapons versus impossibility, nuclear law is due to technological failures, overlooked, it is assumed the American public does not care. However, if we had more knowledge that could change educating students about the long-term effects of public good is motivated to hold leaders accountable for nuclear policy, it reduces the risk of nuclear war exposure in educational context, it is useful for us students. Security logic is necessary to address contingent problems. Luckham, 17, although security is deeply disputed, it is highly necessary to the preservation of peace. Security can actually nest a negative peace, ending violence without transforming munitions, and protects embedded power. On the other hand, security can be seen as a title making human social peace, protection from violence, abuses of rights, social injustice, along with existential risks such as famine or disease, connects to positive peace, dampening relations with people, fall back on social identities, ethnic groups, nationalities, and outdated social wars, planning security, these identities are written to destructions of inequality, and the point to establish hierarchies of citizenship and exclusion and change is premature. The Basoka 19 disciplinary encampment has suffocated the search for achievable mandatory possibilities alternatively requires conciliatory heuristics and reality congruent inquiries critique is necessary but secondary the priority in this practical theory as quickly as possible practicality maintains critical impetus knowledge that engages with policy alternatives is also politically enabling it forces away from instrumental perspectives towards a wider framework the acid test for successful alternatives approaches is the extent to which they have led to empirically grounded work thinking both practical and critical terms at once creates a sustainably critical perspective that might be turned back onto an informed policy debate, which has endeavored to understand consequences in a concrete policy framework. The administrative alternatives would not be universal. Such an attempt is not viable, focused on practical possibilities, and the given context of alternativeity is not incompatible with critiques in critical debates. Preach emancipation, but fail to develop tangible alternatives, through your exclusion of ethical commitment to knowledge. When we examine the causes of a false roar of reaching out to the policy community, we understand the opportunity to transform transform impacts of the reproduced violence critique should not only be problematizing dominant policies, it also needs to envisage practical alternatives, not give an explicit agenda limits their impact and validates the existing alter alternative activity as a potential rejuvenate critical scholarship without being a crop of policy work. A challenge to be how alternatives make an impact. The only viable solution is targeted and technical policy critique and retreat into individualized justice tactics to collapse in the face of institutions, as well as reinterview scholars have been. The active Pascal-Born authorities expressed algorithm need to pick up an important concern. Not all are identified with precision or clarity. We need to pursue an effective treatment, surprising absence of serious engagement. Without public response, we'd be a method of hard court seems to shrug off casual democratic intervention. In favor of individual efforts to immerse us in the overwhelming political discussion that remedy democracies are marred by inequality polarization, like responsibly confused democracies throw by muddling through. There is no cause to abandon. It's not enough to call for new laws without thinking carefully about inviting institutions to the absence of careful analysis. Most likely outcome would be governance through corporate instruments. If you had as valuable political enabling and useful. Oops, ready, the car, ready. Nuclear risk is created by contingent political judgments, not psychological. The association is less than 90% because the authors receive nukes as an ambiguous evil. They ignore the distinction between stabilizing and destabilizing weapons. Some doctrines are worse than others and can protect against the danger of the world as well as making the world more dangerous. Their arguments are simply assumptions that sustain many possible evidence. There are dissociative ways of being anti-nuclear. Anti-weapon professionals are aware of paradoxes and terms. The issue is conscious political dissimilation and not unconscious psychological disassociation. Do you want anything? I have like one minute. Good? Sure? Alright. Uh, cross-ex. Yep. Good? Yeah. I'm gonna be real. I'm a little confused. Can you explain the advantage to me? Yes, our argument is that AI is increasingly being integrated into nuclear systems and the US is devolving decisions like when to launch, how to target to AI. Okay, okay. The Zajac evidence, it says the plan confers restrictive duties for AI in nuclear systems. How? It hardcodes legal duties that restrict the amount to which AI is integrated with those systems. For example, duties not to launch weapons autonomously. The CULER in 22 evidence says the only viable solution is targeted and technical policy. What does that mean? It means that we have to have political analytics that look at specific problems, examine how institutions have produced those problems, and then offer solutions with that in mind. If the judge were to vote in the Senate, would they be able to do that? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know plan to happen because for it to do so would prevent nuclear war and arms racing as per our advantage. The Cooper evidence says FIAT is valuable, politically enabling, and it's not. So, what does that mean? It means that the plan is a good idea. And why is the plan a good idea? It is better than the status quo. And it's better than the status quo in what way? It is preferable for the plan to happen because for it to do so would prevent nuclear war and arms racing as per our advantage. The Cooper evidence says FIAT is valuable, politically enabling, and it's not. So, what does that mean? It means that the plan is a good idea. And why is the plan a good idea? It is better than the status quo in what way? It is preferable for the plan to happen because for it to do so would prevent nuclear war and arms racing as per our advantage. The Cooper evidence politically enabling and useful for understanding both political institutions and international politics explain the war to me yes Fiat or the process of using thought experiments to imagine what the world will