 I saw him take flight yesterday. We gathered outside, looking up, and those who could read, read the note, and spread the word. And so we gathered, to witness the black man who I promised to fly from Mercy to the other side of Lake Superior at 3 o'clock. The charity hospital was named Mercy, but we called it No will take off from Mercy and fly away on my own wings. Please forgive me. I loved you all. It could have been any Wednesday, but it was this Wednesday. This love, this forgiveness, this mercy, this commitment to fulfill the contract to us. So when Mr. Smith took flight from the whites-only hospital, when Ruth went into labor on the hospital steps, when the whites finally let the first black person in for care, they would say it was the white man's mercy, but it was a change in policy that allowed the first black child to be born there. But we knew it was a flight, that the contract is being executed, faithfully, between himself and others. It should not be understood as a simple desperate act, the end of a fruitless life, without gesture, but as obedience to a deeper contract with his people. It was his commitment to them, to us, regardless of whether in all in details, they understood it. I saw a heretic fight yesterday. Black girl, sing. Black girls have learned far too often and far too quickly how to love an excess of yourself. I said, fly, black girl, fly. Your wings are stronger to carry more than you want it to. I wonder often who I would be if not conditioned to the perils of the state, of duty and responsibility, of anti-blackness and misogynoir. The course of shockwaves reminded us to stop picking around the edges of the world, to take advantage, and if you can't take advantage, take disadvantage. Our wings are dangerous, a weapon, a shield, have mercy. Dear little black girl, you are not of this world. This is your sacred black girl song. I hope your flight takes off. I hope you fly to freedom. I hope you fly home. They will clip your wings. If you fall, I will be there to catch you. I saw us take flight yesterday. And so the chorus sings. To go on to question the next alternative future. We didn't jump off the slave ship to sink. We jumped to fly. We said there was no mercy debate. You called it merciful. We said the world was unfair. Y'all read Fairness. You struck the chorus from your crush sheet, you told the chorus to go home. You said the chorus was uneducational, but I hear it's whispers in your blocks. The thing that you would never give credit is the chorus. You mark us as wild, loud, aggressive, criminal. You declined the call. If you don't understand us and what we've been through, you probably won't understand what this moment is about. This is home, this is where we're from. When we come here, we invisible, but still, we are fierce in the presence of death. It gave us clarity, audacity, and direction. You do not open the pearl gates. Our flight did. This is a debate about debate. What ways have you considered? How will we imagine the space built in and out of how we approach each other and which people count as peoples in this space? All year we have said that the community should take hold of space for both instrumentalist interpretation of the resolution and constitutive interpretation of the resolution. All year, like all the years before, y'all said wrong form, join a book club. You said darky, go home. You said our message is to be a community. You said we should be a community. You said we should be a community. You said that you don't have to be accountable to this community but we always had to be accountable to this community every time you criminalized us you have double-speaked at us for years with reparation counter plans about what happens outside of debate but you didn't think about what that looked like inside. You said it was just a neutral game, but we heard you in the hallway saying, if they're so socially dead, why do they win debates? As if we don't have loved ones who are locked up, who are brutalized by police. As if we were just saying the things we say to as a beast. A burden of emancipation of a rural black person led as a burden of individuality. The ex-slave was now enclosed within a duty to demonstrate worthiness for citizenship through member-care harmony. The nature of the man-power appeared that through 1614 the amendment was illiterate and from slavery, emancipation was made. The subject of the slave-making was to be displayed. Dedication was to be shown. Transformation proved that a man is a slave and a man made black. The last amendment in emergent manner was to prove that fair diversion was to be put on a tall tree and that difference in our slavery would improve black women's liberty. The divider of the rest of the land is still possessed. The non-restorer of black girls is still a witness to the proof that civil, racist, sexual, and incapable of discipline and manhood were worse than citizen, wandering, equal, frustrated, and driven, and driven to the double line of boundary, where they could be almost human, but not quite. Burdened individuality is the unspoken burden of proof that follows blindness. Proceduralism mystifies the cause and effect of black degradation and individual black sociality. As pathology, if self-making rests upon the heart of the harm-ridden, sensitive part of the patient, then failure to leave your black baggage at the door is the sign of a bad act. To Hartman, such responsibility denotes the duty of self-making legislative, right of means of assisting and the transition of citizenship were believed unnecessary because of the firm belief in fairness. It was easier to correct exclusion through formal measures than to remedy disparities. According to liberalism, the free possess the same advantages. The truth is, they never wanted us to take flight. They said the weight of the drag on my head and the speaker in my arms weighed me down and I finally let them go. I could get right. Nigga. They said if I read a plant, I could get right, but I never felt more weighed down in my life. They said I couldn't take flight because I was taking my brothers to school instead of doing drills. They wanted the change to say one of my ancestors of no name who are still strapped to my wrist, biding me for flight. My sophomore year of high school, when we were about to debate in finals of that tournament, they called the cops on us, nigga. Even when they want us gone, they don't want us to take flight. The top of paper claimed this topic leads to extremely high-quality K-debates. We have never debated such a metaphysical topic. The question of what is a person speaks to who we are. Yet the community has instead chosen to narrow the acceptable terms of debate back to the same political framework that disavowed anti-black solidarity. I'll debate a society that's silenced to all the modalities of making a breaking law that constitutes political community of the season. A function of law is reached by the veracity of embodied experience. Y'all are accepting that the law is just rulemaking but the law is always requiring a law enforcement. This is a force of law. I recolonize when you rely on pre-existing pathology about black debate to fill in the gaps in undervote for arguments gobert. to their conqueror spirits, oppression, and separation from bottom up, and the assimilation of corporealism, where rights, whatever those, to save the planet, to our powers, are the kind of bottom-up, to deconstructing law, and that there is no such thing as law that does not apply to self or queer, the possibility of being forced to apply by a person who would allow me to use a social order, using force to enact a legal bond against a black body, is the kind of bond that is invisible, which is between black and a female legal person, who, in a policeman's box, is a safe catch, a black citizen, a cast of spells, and an illegal drug on a man who, in such a choice, is already premised to attempt by exception, no matter how low the law, to ensure the impossibility of deconstructing post-labor, to the post-civil rights, the term must be impossible to insist upon, with failure to be documented by science, and the state's decision, while otherwise being impossible to radically envision our community communities, our community in relation to how you physically and culturally live in an abolitionist nature, down to oppression, to also blending up to life's sustaining network of accountability, here refused to state the legitimacy of the rising, the possibility that they exceed violence. But, they want us to be beasts of burdens. So instead, like the birds, we flew. Counter-advocacy. Instead of the ABS instrumentalization of duties and rights, we should affirm a duty that this activity has to the black chorus. To the ones who can fly the street clear into the future, if you read this, you will hear the things we also heard. We are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly. It made you wish you could fly the vehicle for a new kind of story. It made you rid yourself of all that we saw from here. Our ancestors would tell stories about people who could fly. The Black queer and trans folk I think are rituals that act of flight. The people have forgotten what powers they had, but ever so often they were the ones who still remembered. It's like a mouth up in the air as if they had eagle's wings. They would swoop down over the plantation and whisper deep knowledge, knowledge of self, of spirit, of solidarity, and of struggle, right on into the air that those white people have forgot, and get them climbing up on the sky with them. It was what most colored girls needed, a chorus of mamas, grandmamas, aunts, cousins, sisters, neighbors, and what all to give her. We bid and thank you all to join the chorus. The cacophony of ever-present sound, committed to the livability of all made impossible here. If you listen closely, you can hear the whole world in a bent note, a throwaway lyric, a singular thread of the collective phraterex. The chorus cannot die. Who else would dare believe another world was possible? The chorus makes a plan, drafts a blueprint. Who else would be reckless enough to dream of colored girls or a black woman's future? No one else imagines anything better. So it's left to us to envision things as otherwise, as exalted as we are. We don't relent. We try to make a way out of no way, to not be defeated by defeat. To fall in step with the chorus is to do more than shake your ass and hum the melody. Dancing at the world and seizing our chance, she'll lose the law and transform us, the terms of what is possible. Mr. Smith wrote a note, black debate wrote one too. Meet us at no mercy. You did not come, the chorus did. To bear witness to the fight, to find the courage to leap. We're talking to you. To those who don't show up at No Mercy, who shut the door on what the chorus was and called it Black debate. In the air, away from real life, we felt free. We heard the chorus. Sometimes it whispered, sometimes it was loud, it dared to intervene. But on the ground, concerned that we had stolen the thing but which we had no right to own, when you could have joined the chorus. We don't owe y'all shit. You owe us everything. We have a home, you made it a house. Before we left the wings of all those other people's nightmares slapped in his face and constrained him, I'd be damned to do that to that today. We've called. Dred Scott, Breonna Taylor, Nina Pop. We're calling. Decades of niggas who now ever get a chance to make it here, who spoke but not spoken to, who dared to dream. For Louisville, for Towson, for Bunkers. For Wayne, for Oklahoma, for Fullerton, for Long Beach. For Liberty, for Ecuador, for Vermont, for Iowa. For Houston, UMKC, Irvine. For Idaho, Los Rios, SFSU. For those without names, answer the call right now. Have mercy, I'll be damned. And so the chorus sang. Oh, Sugar Man don't fly fly away. Sugar man, don't go on. Sugar man, cut across the sky. Sugar man, go on home. Cross hands. Good.