 Contempt and what is unique is American global commitments are unsustainable. One is overstretched. The combination of global commitments and brutal supply chains makes torture and collapse. I US foreign policy field, the inter-African and Pacific-American world policies, the pace of deeper social conflicts, the adverse nature of the religious takeover, the violation of the sacred rituals of the sacrifice of the American super-power, the overcoming of the severe results of the foreign policy breach that has occurred in the early colonial periods of Australia, the American war of colonization, the US's war treason by any degree, the Maoist attack by Mao, the second war of the 19th century, the thousands of people who have been controlled by the UK, the independence of Vietnam, the North Vietnam, the East Korea, the even more enduring border losses and prevails of the military degradation of the leaders and soldiers who have been critical of the bad guys who have fought, the state of the state, the Chinese, China, and the U.S. How often have the religious and social activities of China and the U.S. been violated? And should our free political backlash, polarization, and rising isolationism ensure support for global engagement? Will dry up travel 24 hours? Will the US be able to re-establish its own political system? Will the US be able to re-establish its own political system? Will the US be able to re-establish its own political system? Will the US be able to re-establish its own political system? Will the US be able to re-establish its own political system? Will the US be able to re-establish its own political system? Will the US be able to re-establish its own political system? Will the US be able to re-establish its own political system? Will the US be able to re-establish its own political system? Will the US be able to re-establish its own political system? Will the US be able to re-establish its own political system? Will the US be able to re-establish its own political system? Will the US be able to re-establish its own political system? Will the US be able to re-establish I'm not the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the structural advantages Trump victory the world. The idea is to create a new electoral Trump's can of fish, to ban non-sponsored religious action, blockbusters, and also a mass disturbance that will liquidate the point such as the gender unfairness of Trump, Trump's representative stream, you know that also marginalized. Our World War II air app works like logically primed against the risks of a Trump presidency in truth or no. The intervening actors K and 23 may be. They'll be held in exile during the painful circulation of the law, such that they're impossible to do no action with respect to expectations of how we know it. It's a wonderful idea, but we will assume somehow that if our directions get shorter, we'll look at possibilities and obstacles that were cleared eight years ago as they seem inconceivable. The trouble will be that it could be less than imaginable. Now for somebody, they try to get into office, end up losing it all. People in trouble can be reverted to the 17% chance of an option. Maybe for now, what we can do is to ignore hope or to gain an average outcome. It's the only way to stop it. They don't understand culture, but more and more people are going into confidence and power. This is a more something, but it's not the only choice that they can have. We're seeing moreable adversaries that allies perceive changing balance of power and test our commitments in response to RAP 324 Biden. QP's been our speaker for two weeks in Washington, D.C. and we'll listen to her in a bit. I'll have to ask her afterwards if the allies feel they could have him in the trade group a little more often. Making here to us, and I think it's pretty important to share that in our conversation with our racers. The allies are not out of work, down to fight South Korea. They're running out of problems in Washington. The race makes us exponentially less adventurous. We've got to just pretend to be very minimal. Trump has a very cool war in Washington, D.C. and I think the allies are pretty reliant. Trump now wants to do a China-based battle. In response to the US attempting to retain privacy on the cheap by during adversaries to test new car deterrence this wager is not and the resources of the world, and the new law of ending crime, the court of retaliation, which is to be reasoned, and the law of the state, which is to be taken as serious, and the bill of the state, which will be in my court for a while, but as a point, those who will be sentenced upon one of these devastating crimes, the right to the reputation and the credibility of the U.S., and the good and expertise of the citizens of the world, and the sense of the American English language, and the people and the recovery of the lawful good we need to ensure, and to reassure ourselves that our safety and the safety of the people of this country, and the rights of the American people, and the U.S. will have the right to the freedom and the security of the United States, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the freedom of the American people, and the right to the the The British government is not able to do anything about the situation. The British government is not able to do anything about the situation. The British government is-suit-council-referral-request. No first-use solves the commitment to draft better and will stall 18 repeatedly. No The United States should adopt a nuclear no-force use policy. Condition 3 is Europe. Collapse of extended deterrence makes EU rearm until the very last second. the worst of all worlds are divided and chaotic re-year-old son with a question of nuclear weapons in his territory. Trump's administration will refer him to US government over the disdain of his international counterpart, half-famed un-fusioned Trump, who was a red-belt in power. Trump, your Trump is getting out of the way. So, with Russia one coming next year, you're gonna be able to let him leave fully. You can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't say that you have a consulate in the US, you can't tank, a Russian force, but it didn't get to Washington. He did not have a good operation against the NATO and Ukraine. NATO is Baltic, more goes nuclear because NATO will have to rely on nuclear escalation. Conventional deterrence is key. The plan facilitates gradual European rearm Europe is capable of returning Russia with their free right now because of the new current law of all 24 years. The military maintains substantial control over the US, though that's just a small change, but I will say that we will be committed to the last of our projects here. As external political parties to join forces to ensure that we have the power to take control of the Permanent Permanent Union, as well as to lead security, collective and state security, as well as to ensure that members of the Jewish and Muslim population and all EU members have a stable and stable empowerment, the Russian military is more people, the economy is more gentle, the Russian military is more robust, and the Russian military is more able to achieve even without war across the Balkans. The implications of that decision this year was more than that potential for a TV or Russia obstacle to the progress of the Union of American and Global People, which I believe will under any circumstances ruin and we will investigate and build commercial forces. If you're not confident about your control of the world, your potential forces, your social position, then encourage British governments to move in a similar direction. We'll get time to overcome problems and put on a direct action. Now is key to engineer a soft landing, clearly communicating the plan under Biden before a crisis arises, overcomes the free-riding wall of 22-year-old take. We're responsible for ensuring that you cannot be a political over-supporter. Join me in giving us help in getting you prepared to protect the police and you, but any states will do everything to convince the elected officials to stay in Washington, and have them make an it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible for the security, cannot be able to do it on our own. We're responsible