The United States is a medical plantation. Anti-black experimentation, pathologization has institutionalized the idea that black women are disposable and unable to feel pain. This logic pays away for state sanctioned murder of black women both inside and outside the healthcare industry. Black women are dismissed as psycho-asthmatic when they inject harmful treatment. Any objection to this violence is diagnosed as draped-o-matic, an expression of oppositional defiance disorder. That's Willoughby, Harold, 18. Violence by police against black women is lethal. Silence about the murders have points of dying. The incorporation of the medical plantation into everyday life meets history. Biopedical racialization of the medical plantation surveillance of black female bodies. These cases are exemplary. Black women are disposable. And whatever injuries done to them serve some necessary and legitimized part of gender, sexual, racial, social order. Black women are murdered as stands in investigation because the medical plantation, medical discrimination, scientific experimentation, J. and medical Jim Crow predispose the U.S. population to view black women as everything but objects of human sympathy. Structural causes include myths about black women as unbreakable, superhuman, unable to feel pain all reflect that black women have been deemed objects for safe island mythologies about the black body in pain and the black body in superhuman are central to the cultural norms about that undergird racialized medical discrimination. In addition, the prospecting territory of black reproductivity discrimination against black people was justified through the allegiance of black culture that was deemed pathologically non-heteronormative and non-homonormative. The questions about the social world remind me of alleged psychosis like drapedomania. The allotted medical research of Sims made the transnational jump memorialized in this public sanctuary. New medical knowledge improved. The quality of life continues to be asserted in medical experimentation on racialized women who lost civil rights through mass incarceration. And this drapedomania has pervasive force in the United States. Any attempt to challenge systematic abuses of anti-black civil society are dismissed as crazed selfish expressions of personal misfortune. That's Harriet 16. Even though scientific evidence for drapedomania was eventually debunked, the idea that black resistance is mental illness still lingers. Many people believe that the tenets of drapedomania believe that black people don't work hard enough or are predisposed to unwillingness that causes them to play the race card and whine about unfairness instead of focusing on education. Liberals believe that race is not as much of a problem as socioeconomic disparities. Lack of resources. Lack of resources. It's because black people are crazy. They suffer from draped mania. Why must black people frame everything around race? It's like they're consumed with it every time you get into a conversation about politics. They always drag the discussion to race and blackness. People who suffer from progressive drapedomania equate race with every political phenomenon, whereas most white people don't focus on race. Specifically, activism that forefronts political agenda. A black community is treated as pathological psychosis rather than relieving structural conditions. Black people are encouraged to pull themselves up by their broucherettes and commit themselves to the political and social institutions in order to cure their drapedomania and become fully functioning citizens, as Petroling over 16. Mainstream culture defines racial order by the form of madness that is located in the minds of black people delegitimizing black protest by labeling its expressions as idiocy is not new. White people attribute black resistance to various forms of derangement, stupidity, and psychosis for their effort to delegitimize its critique of white supremacy. The history of pathologizing black resistance has its roots in slavery. A New Orleans physician introduced drape-demainia, a disease causing slaves to run away. Drape-demainia was curable kindness, as keeping one's property well-fed, cloth providing fuel enough to keep the enslaved warm at night, and so forth. With the prescribed antidote to the disease, in the early 20th century, black resistance was described as a disease of idiocy. Terms such as idiot and moron emerged to classify the unit, those unfit for civic life. The delegitimization of black protest was again on display in 1968 when the eminent psychiatrist dreamed a diagnosis of protech psychosis, said the illness is oriented towards a stating an objection to the accepted superiority of white values contemporary attempts to delegitimize black protest as idiocy reflects a scientific discourse of pathology that has been evident of white critiques of black resistance for decades, arguing that black protestants granted in the psychosis is precisely what allows for white people to sidestep the actual content of black activists' demands. And logics of draped demenia extend to punish black people in academic spaces, even debate. Any attempt to move outside of the boundaries of normal behavior is met with either fake niceties or outright hostilities. Addressing this pathologization requires exposing the terms of normalcy that undergird expectations of students and academics. That's Powell 99. Higher education has helped to create a pathological myth about African Americans, the oppressors having convinced themselves that normalcy of their pathological views have fostered a hack way since among African American students, normalcy has always been assumed by the oppressor as a given, and their mind's normal is how they view and identify themselves. So if you do not fit the oppressor's definition of normal or consider it abnormal, that's pathological. Normal came to designate conformity to be normal, to be healthy and defining as oppressors. The oppressors have turned to higher education, normalizing enterprise justice, physicians pathologize the patient, educators are actively pathologizing African-Americans, and higher education defines... education has the authority to label the oppressor's reality as normal and thus legitimate, while declaring the other's reality, such as African-Americans, as abnormal and thus illegitimate. The education refuses to recognize the legitimate anger and frustration of African-Americans by labeling their actions as abnormal. Thomas and Sloan have argued that the African-American's anger is a sign of health, not pathology. The oppressor's mindset cannot grasp or fully comprehend what is healthy about the African-American reaction to their labels in order to survive. The black man and woman has led to the cultural paranoia in which every white man and woman is a potential enemy unless they personally find themselves out differently. An oppressor's oppression, the oppressor's institutions of higher education are able to analyze their unethical racist beliefs in ways of defining normal. And the legacy of the plantation infiltrates the university structure and the anti-blackness manifests itself through a process that forces black people to assimilate themselves to white values and white methods of learning. That's Green 16. Across schools, across the country, students of color are showing an implicit institutionalized racism. It creates emotional distance between them and their white peers. The basic assimilationists offer that schools make to blacks, you can be valued and rewarded in school and society, but you must first master the culture in the ways of the American mainstream, since that mainstream as it is represented is essentially white. And this means that you must give up any particulars of being black value, priorities, preferences, at least in the way that mainstream standings Du Bois concerned to coin the term and the concept of double consciousness, whereby black people are essentially forced to have two identities, pressured to view themselves as they're perceived by their non-black peers. This psychology can create a unique circumstance for black students today. Some researchers argue it may even lead to mental health problems that go unnoticed, and challenging institutional norms in higher education is a prerequisite to health at skill 15. The concept of a chilly climate within the higher education context has been used to describe the experiments and perceptions of women and people of color. It can represent a nice way to say that this is racism, sexism happening here, but you have to tolerate it. A cultural climate can be chilly, yet manageable, sustainable, and slightly uncomfortable. The concept contours images of the acceptance of certain levels of racism and sexism that, in and of itself, represents a problem that it's important not to acclimate, or to, or accept. A chilly climate, especially to chill, represents racism, sexism, and systematic oppression. The better social justice-oriented approach is to resist analyzed work and challenge for improvement, at least the practice in self-defense from that uncomfortable cultural climate concept that addresses the sexist racist actions of members of marginalized groups perceived within their higher education journeys. That concept oversimplifies deeply troubling, partially harmful effects, effects, experiments by some women and people of color and environments that are skillful in the art of maintaining this quote. And vote affirmative to endorse epistemic disobedience and debate Anstler and Fass and faster 17 here it is a refusal to play the game in their test anticipatory regime in order to enlarge in the space for emergence of liberatory alternative that's demand of epistemic disobedience is not a skill that can be learned through demonstrating progress or against learning the standardized learning it requires unlearning what is precisely required for inclusion and success in the system as epistemic disobedience as a definitive rejection of being told from the epistemic privileges of the zero point about what we are and what we have to do to be recognized in such an effort to confine black politics to conformity with conventional liberal politics as a part of an agenda for pathologization that must be rejected. That's Hassan Hooker. 17, Western normative presuppose universal Western validating race as an exception to the normative black radical tradition problematizes the idea of Western normativity conceptualizing race as a constitutive of the episteme of Western normative cultural, political, and educational activities by a black population have been deemed a contaminant of the legitimization of US democracy. Black protest movements draw attention to the unfinished project of decolonization, dehumanization, and black lives at common. Western normative critique that is that black rage is counterproductive and needs to be disciplined. Black politics points to the futility of directing activism towards a regime founded on exclusion and violation of blackness, the poverty of the political imagination inhibited by inclusion within existing structures means the foreclosure of more radical visions by acceptance of the quo and a horizon of political possibility move beyond the state as a frame for transformative discourse and mobilization, reinvigorating the subversive practices of black culture to cultivate more emancipatory transformative political imaginary state. Such reforms of black political activism turn the western state toward safeguard and rights that have been denied, limitations have been exposed by protest about