 First, the topicality of the United States federal government meets three branches. OECD, the 1987 United States Federal Republic of the Federal Government, and the Secular Commission, all three branches, legislative, executive, and judicial. National health insurance requires national means of financing. Health care, Walsing, and national health insurance means the collection, distribution of funds, and providers to defray expenditures for health care, building activity. Topicality is a procedural constraint necessary for effective debate. They destroy engagement, predictable, and states and institutions research accessibility and negative ground. Even if public policy is the best focus for activism, it's crucial for dialogue because it's grounded in the consumer reporting and academic work. Two impacts. First, change the topic post-facto struct favors the app and manipulating the balance of preparation but negative because debate is a competitive game that's meaningless that is of significant strength. Second it's also key to have well prepared opponents they transform debate into a monologue which means their arguments are presumptively false because they have been subjected to werewolf. While research scrutiny also destroys mechanism education their model creates a structural disincentive to substantial research failure. Define the back turn mechanism with the resolution allows them to shift their advocacy to the terms most favorable to them which causes dogmatism enfor the negative into generics, the margins of the literature, which destroys good scholarship. Next is the critique that one exceeds homogenous theorizing of black relationality to academia, reflects an investment in full affiliate rooted in negative conception of identity. The horizon of this reactive politics is revenge inflicting harm. I'm the oppressor with no blueprint for collective liberation. That's Brown in 95, interpoliticized identity reaction. I'm the reiterates impotence of substitute for action. I power self-information that re-en-scibes for hyper-realist rejection. Re-en-scibes self-re-anal resentment, as a reaction to substitution of norms and ethics for deeds, its creative deed, its reworking pain into negative action. The imaginary revenge is achieved through imposition of suffering, accomplished through guilt, through establishment of suffering, as virtue, and through casting strength and good fortune, privilege as its own indictment, identity, and structure, by result of which it becomes invested in its own subjection, disinvestment, lies, and dissatisfaction, or revenge, which amiciously reenact even the injuries of marginalization, politicized identity that presents itself as self-apparition, and appears as the opposite predicate, non-requiring, sustained rejection by hostile world identity, achieved moral superiority by reproaching power and action themselves as evil identity becomes invested its own impotence while even while it seeks to assuage the pain through vengeful moralizing through its approach to power as such a politicized identity is as likely to feed on an ever-generalized political impotence as it is to seek collective liberation through empowerment is more likely to punish and reproach than to find self-affirming action the affirmative's articulation of anti-racist politics fails to produce social transformation or weaponizing accusations of past movement failure as justification for refusing the egalitarian promise of revolutionary transformation. Let's read in 17 anti-racism is a contemporary politics that's more comfortably with neoliberalism than a socialist anti-racism reject Marxist politics that's especially attentive to the subservient specialization of racial racial populations or self-criticism and atonement regarding racism and sexism. Larger inclusion and criticism should have nuanced them. The commitment to the history and narrative from the right historical misrepresentation of the view that construtes oppression as foundation of American society and minority of the civil rights movements will instead of victory superficial and could not address ontological inequality representing race and misdreavous historical or a risklessly historical analogy stands in the loophole empirical argument to explain political economic processes assertion of the centrality of racist ideas more allegory of fable than historical Marxists were more likely to dissent from racism than others are at risk of ideology has been anchored to material imperatives the credit scores of white supremacy comported well with capitalist economic programs the industrial unionism social wage policy would indispensable black events with the left-wing link of liberalism and neoliberalism in books, the cultural authority of earlier black insurgency, showing a working class programatic character, the barter warships organized with the trade unions, the impetus of Memphis was the sanitation strike, the black power as a class-based protest centered on entrepreneurial strata, that obscured the significance of legislative victories, black equality could not succeed in the absence of full employment, the acceptance of socialism as suspect, and my absurd closure of the past year and the performative implications ofests in politics, but with complete erasure of the class and political-economic tensions, the affirmative's rejection of the specific details of political engagement is not radical, but continues the prevailing mode of leftist cynicism that eviscerates our ability to continue and construct alternatives to political domination. That's Bergamot, 15, the left, our rendered impotent, not because we are deceived, but because we enact empathy of this matter, and their search for a higher consciousness of the subject is due to their suspicion of being due to it because the subject thinks they know. App mask, they disbelieve the truth when it does appear they congratulate themselves on knowing yet remain apathetic towards call for action, a rigorous and vain opposition of identity to subjectively treat ourselves as enlightened and end to authentic politics here, objectively vain or so, when under ourselves, possibly a passive reassuring of self-release, we know what's really going on, a cynical left believes they are as dismissing, spectacle and direction of authentic radicalism, yet their apathetic position maintains left melancholy, thus the left persists in a linear statistic identification with failure, prejudging all instances of popular radical expression as necessarily flawed. The aversion to being successful overramps their foreign authentic, unproductive position, then taking risk towards political power. At the end, the immediate reaction to idealism is mocking cynicism, forever delaying change, holding out for their real and authentic struggle, and therefore denying it indefinitely. Their basic frame for politics reconfirms the failures of the left, turning a debate into a vampire's castle, where the propagation of guilt and cycles of pseudo-activity overcome meaningful theorizing and political change. Thus, Fisher, in 13 Vampires' Castle Castle specializes in propagating guilt driven by struggles against racism, sexism, heterosexism, and far from exclusively social struggles. The VC is a bourgeois liberal appropriation of the energy to corrupt people by kindle lords of socialism. The insurmountable class strata of this one is trying to downgrade racism, separation of class consciousness, and feels that feeds on the energy and vulnerabilities of suffering groups. Into academic capital and theory, it claims to create the structural critique and practice that pays lip service to solidarity and collectivity. The VC examines the thought and action figure very difficult where there is confidence to reduce skepticism and more and more guilt, the better. There is a rule here in Takeda practice that what parliament has done better not to enter a parliament of engineering or Shakespeareism should have been fatalism, and better not be taken by the mainstream that these configurations serve capital by decomposing class consciousness with immoralizing individuals. The name is not to emphasize the popularized leftist position which remains an obsession of moral superiority. The left is not a class, and its core cannot be a liberal party with the aim of our struggle of destroy destruction of the class structure, we can start to engage in union and universality. We need to learn to build comradeship and solidarity instead of doing capital's work by condemning and abusing each other outside the vampire's castle. Anything is possible. Capitalism causes war, violence, environmental destruction, anti-blackness, and extinction. That's Robinson in 14. The origins of global crisis are founded on accumulation and contradiction of the vampire crisis in one place. The crisis represents the crisis for the system, the economy, the development of all these dimensions. It's the climate change, the ebony cluster, the centralized agriculture, the threatening of the ability of billions to billions to survive the system, its fast-reaching ecological elements of its reproduction, the magnitude of the wave of violence, its unprecedented computerized wars, drone surplus populations, the alienation of the productive economy, subject to control and destruction, prison industrial complexes, omnipresent policing, militarized gentrification, the spread of WMDs, their ultra-rightist insurgent masculinization, homophobia, racism, and racist mobilizations, the 21st century fascist and normalized grand glamorized warfare, and social violence. The alternative is to theorize through communism instead, which contests the political efficacy and descriptive accuracy of the one you see by returning to the conceptual tools of long Central American black radical tradition. That's Ferguson. And then 15, socialism marks an integral part of African American history and culture. Harrison, Keaton, Robertson, Davis, and McClendon, a materialist epistemology and ontology presumes there's a reality independent of our consciousness, the primacy of material reality, and that this reality is noble, the social world is stratified ontology, class relations, cultural studies gives little attention to material conditions that relativize the objective character of black experience, all that exists intersectionality, a major condemnation to which everyone is oppressed. The black working class must be aimed and brought to the forefront, discarding analytical notions such as human capital intersectionality that discount the interdict of the determinal role. I'm the class contradiction. We need to clarify systematic buildup of historical academic political information, Marxist knowledge, and art, and we tend to the fact that slavery, colonialism, and imperialism impart on personal capitals and mostly reject any outlook that requires black studies to be grounded in a uniquely formulated black perspective, that embracing ethno-philosophy may be pleasurable, even therapeutic, but won't give birth to a scientific approach to black studies. The necessity of Marxism in black studies, and the view of the historical legacy of black worker militancy, the Great Railroad Strike, K-Main, Marion Marcus, Scotiacorp, Santa Farmers, Agricultural Laborers, Rennels, Tobacco, Wildcat Strikes in Detroit, and working class black women who have fought the attack on public services, won't let world capitalism give birth to a new black working class. The investment of slave trade and the demand for black, the black political force, and the lease by capital, lay the foundation for African American life and cultural work, unless it's not exclusively white. Marked as 30s of black working class life or a needed case. Robust anti-discrimination laws combined with universal access to healthcare can reduce medical malpractice and racial discrimination. That's Matthew. And 50, universal coverage represents a long-lasting, protective intervention that is aimed at addressing structural issues that can have some effect on improving health disparities. The reforming of discrimination law will help make social norms and systems as long-lasting, protective intervention institutions will implement training and assessment in enforcement. The making of discrimination level and making social norms and just as long the lessing protective intervention institutions will implement training assessment and enforcement the making discrimination due to unconscious racism illegal change the context incentives and outcomes in health care introduce health disparities legal prohibition when accomplished pragmatic medical structural change only legal intervention where we will generalize information signal to help fight as the connection will not be eligible for sister elective signal is needed mark that at needed single pair is necessary a part of establishing health system justice universal health care diminishes widespread risk and income based disparities they can't explain these sorts of health health outcomes as Gaffney and 16th v. government's failure to create a public health system played a foundational role in structuring health care and inequities and inequalities by class and race inequalities and criminal justice so far not being explicitly contextualized within a framework of healthy, not only what is the real cause of racial health inequalities for years, a huge amount of resources have gone into uncovering the genetic source of health disparities. There are scenes of evidence points, social inequities as drivers of racial inequalities and specific interventions can mitigate implicit It poses a bias to disparate outcomes, studies have shown this is a global association between lack of insurance and mortality removing the boundaries between individuals and the healthcare system is a critical step towards healthcare equality. Would true universal healthcare do much to combat racial health inequalities if it were to say a single-payer system with a limited out-of-pocket expense and vital resources that even if it were to be assessed as persistent fully, the universal system might be a powerful tool to introduce racial inequalities. Multiple studies point to a reduction of racial health inequalities for outcomes like mortality and no doubt there are still discriminatory practices but but we can't assume they're biased at work. But a more egalitarian healthcare system might go further. Introducing them, the Willoughby-Hurard evidence that agrees to the history of resistance in the face of medical racism, demonstrates the malleability and nuance of medicine and anti-blackness. These historical examples of it, the importance of political possibility and tactical engagement with institutions to eliminate segregation, medical discrimination. That's Willoughby-Hurard in 18, the health activists like Cobb organized Longhurst, civil rights movement focused on medical discrimination. These health activists successfully challenged segregation at St. Petersburg's Memorial. Like activists of Black women's health projects, central questions of reproduction have to do with whether people would or could show the way to themselves and their memories. Academia is not a singular monolith. Believing it makes negative aspects inevitable makes it impossible to engage in targeted ethical resistance. That's Heath. In all 13 academics, they need a clear conception of who or what they are resisting. Not everything that occurs in the university is a new liberal undesirability. University consists of complex systems, assembles, assemblage of structures, values, and practices, something of place, specific, national, and international. We suggest that academic activism complies with the conceptualized university as historically contingent and capable of transformation. This breaks into a few of the potential for alternatives. The current structure and construction of neoliberalism is inevitable. For it solves the possibility of resistance. Resistance can also be nuanced and directed at a particular structure, practice, or values, rather than that the university as a whole has such obvious implications for the prospects of successful action and are for agency. Desirable changes have taken place. We need to use forms of resistance that we believe are ethical and meaningful and are nobly obliged to oppose every form of change. The politics of academic refusal are themselves a disaster. They assume a transformative potential from small movements of resistance that simply do not exist. That's Reed in Sixteen, Pre-political Acts of Everyday Resistance. It was all the rage in cultural studies, programs, and systems. Because in certain movements of emergent and continual resistance, they ought to be considered an expression of politics themselves. The political economy of academic life, including self-repulsion of trainees and the atrophy of left, encouraged on the flights into fantasy, interpolitical, intra-politics, increases in interpreters, academic capital. They presume those lead out to political action. They don't, any more than the breath of carbon water leads to homo sapiens, and for some politics is ubiquitous that developed movements are rare.