 The previous report was published on the Prime Minister of the South of Earth, and the World War has evaluated the Russian looks of one known as Re-SQL-Khanit-Re-Khanit, and the GBSD, which sets the state for our arms control and negotiations to base, and as you can see, it has no effect on the transverse or its political base, our social policy, 21-2-1, the GBSD, the US-US-C-A-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E Dontla village calmed. Global Armed Racing, and existential conflict, Arkansas 21, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and just that, you, and just talent! and, and, and you, and it won't, and. And you, and you, and you, and you, and Trent, and and you and you, and you, and you. and you, and you, and you, I'm not a sponsor of construction. It'll go through a consistent entire duty and that's the 5th special. The plan says phase out intercontinental ballistic missiles, halting replacements for the LVM-13 amendment. When does the first is there a point where it has to be able to water exist? The plan phases it out so it doesn't yaw at a certain time or year when those, like the amendment no longer extends because that's up to the military. But if you're asking if we're topical then yes. Does it phase out, like does it, like, be out phasing all ICBMs? Like it is made out of the plan that ICBMs at one point low or larger. Or can those re-planters decide that ICBMs should exist? At one point they will no longer exist. It cannot exist infinitely. So it is elimination but the processes phase out. Okay, so like just a fair fight military planners cannot, as a result of the plan, say, oh we want to keep some ICBMs. Like all ICBMs at one point. Yeah. Okay, cool. The first advantage about arms control, my first question is, is GDS exclusively a first strike weapon or does it have second strike capabilities? Or are you going to take it? You just use our modernized ICBMs as that piece from a week ago of second strike. But the reason why they're destabilizing is because yeah they offer a threat of foreign force to Russia. And that is why they're developing the Sarmat which are uniquely more ICBMs. The reason why is to deal with the increased warhead count and capabilities that GDS do. So is Russia only, is this scenario specifically for arms, race, or whatever justice format or other details as well as weapons that Russia is developing as a result of GDS. Well, yeah, like that's an example. But the, like, like we, that's an example of a specific weapon, but the- And just like there, I had a plan. Or top evidence talks about just like general- And the Sarmat is a Russian sub-correct. It's a Russian ICB. I have a Russian word ICBMs. So my second question is the plan, it causes a drawdown of Sarmat, presumably a compliment, but it's resolved vis-a-vis arms control talks, correct? Right. Does the plan indicate anything about where Russia would allocate that money towards the book? No, I'm saying you won't decide anything about Russia. I don't think we have set this- Okay. Alright. 11 for the book, alright. So Jones. How much time do you have? I should've moved. I'm going to have a spare plan. And then- Yeah. Yeah. Okay. 11. 11. 11 is 7. 7. arms control talks, correct? 11. Sorry, I can use it one more time. Yeah, yeah, 7. And then arms control is a trigger. I told Sarri we were finding this morning, and she said what if instead you came together and spread these- Oh, I'm sorry. I haven't gotten it. Just kidding, just kidding. Okay. I live on the shore of war. Well, whatever. First, the Saudi colleagues should require certain TV, TV, burdensome. the public has for a serious system. The government is supposed to be there, the government is supposed to be there, the government is supposed to be there, the government is supposed to be there, the government is supposed to be there, the government is supposed to be there, the government is supposed to be there, the government is supposed to be there, the government is supposed to be there, the government is supposed to be there, the government is supposed to be there, the government is supposed to be there, the government is supposed to be there, the government uses the legal information. The government is supposed to be there, a law firm that even doesn't take It opens up streams that get rid of our specific and when you're in the business community, we're sometimes in some areas where it's only in some areas where it's like, you're at ease, like, I get in some areas where I'm at, I'm at the community, there's not a way in local, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, and I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, I'm at the community, Can you guys start in touch? I actually, yeah, I will put the cards behind it. I want to ask the person to share this. Okay. Can you say? Okay. Russia decided what is the internal link to Russian investments in submarines? The first advantage says the plan results in Russian drawdown. That was the format which was not a sub. Well, we think that the plan actually results like. We think that you read evidence that speaks more broadly to arms control and not just in context of ICBMs. But even if it's not true that that's the way the evidence says. The side of the evidence says that if the US were to like result in drawdowns and put more to result in drawdowns, then sub-smartingization would go. Okay. So Russia no longer thinks that the US is a threat of a first strike and they modernize the rest of their news flying. So why do they still revitalize the ghost trade? Our evidence indicates that there is particular interest in the public from novel nuclear weapons because there are showcased with global world of the power that Russia could be. So for example, they will invest in things like the ghost train because those are novel nuclear weapons, things that no country has that Russia could uniquely possess that distinct from things like storm out of your business. What is the reason why the war? If your link evidence spots that the West is no longer a threat to Russia. Because our argument is about public interest in protecting Russia as a global down. So like your internal link card is like Russia has prioritized novel nuclear weapons at the expense of things like the bear barf reason or the ghost train. So that implies that the ghost train is not a novel nuclear weapon. No. Well, so like the first is just like no other country has a nuclear train first of all. Okay. Second of all, it means that there is literally nukes that are on a train that go that use civilian train trunks. Like that is what the ghost train is. That's what the barf reason is. Like no other country has that. You said that nuclear weapons are a status symbol. That's the reason that the off changes the status that is brought by nuclear weapons. Well, because you have read an advantage that says the plan results in Russian nuclear drawdowns. And we have said that when Russia engages in nuclear drawdowns from a practical perspective because in Russia like drawing down their farm assets. Right. And that's a result that's so important for status. And that results in Russia sifting to these other forms of money. Like we read evidence that anytime there's a drawdown line with one thing. And then the plan just cause Russia to shift to subs because they have now eliminated some of that and they need to. Well, because you identified you've identified like in our evidence identifies that if Russia were to result in funding away from nuclear programs, which the office said result like those are the arms control negotiations with the average open. They're not funding which shift towards less practical and it's true. It takes us through the mountain shift away from like practical nuclear components because Russia believes the US threat. So like it's no longer there. Like where these like status symbols. What's the reason that that would mean we don't invest in this up and we do invest in the ghost train versus like oh like the Russian no longer has an ICBM. So let's invest in the ghost. Like I think that the answer like I don't think my answer is going to be different from what I just said that it's like when funding is redirected away from practical purposes. Our evidence says that it's for status symbols. The resident counter one does not attempt something to spray it. Well, yeah, like we'll make our hands about oh I didn't represent it. Like falling in the cave, but the bandit of the counterpoint texturate is not like there's only thing. And then status. I couldn't issue you a fast. I'm not a culture. First right counter plan is competitive. Why? Because the plan makes it such that we no longer have. That's super wrong. The counterpoint Fiat's Miniman 3 is which we have after the plan. What if joining to say anything other than do both? So like several different things. First of all, in several places the ones you said you need to eliminate and they know ICBM center of the valley. Yeah, but the counterpoint orders a strike. We have 400 of them. So the counterpoint text is down to 390 and then the plan gets rid of the 390. If you're going to go for the argument that the plan eventually like because the plan is going to be it then like the counterpoints are competitive and we're obviously going to say that it's bad. The plan is not immediate because we should be able to use ICBM to give them out. They try to say ICBM. You can just say we should use the sentinel. That's fine. Okay. Okay. That's fine. Oh. That's fine. Oh. That's fine. Oh. That's fine. What do you mean like these are existing ICBM so you said all ICB have to do. This is one IC project where like it's like an ICB. It's fine. It's fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The sentinel kind of fine. Where does it get the money from? Our evidence says that the program will cost 13 trillion over the next 10 years. You can tax the money for sale. And take 13 trillion dollars on them. You can take it with all the other people. Sorry. This avoids the link to politics. Oh, so then that might have been about the business. Just the other business. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And so It's the arms control page the procurement page a Venet counterplan Nuke the planets MQD Trump CTC I I I Is the one at one a C card on the sub with the pages something Oh, there are evidence something won't come for each really don't realize ten years one and see whatever the last part They were was at the ice cream so not secure now or evidence about organizational Sure that my cascading eyes that intro cascading for your both There's no impact insurance for you self-stars because there's money for these programs are either the programs existence I just hope they are funny These three we all came from on the set no one to see five yes accidents already this each role Oh culture insurance that because I think I'm getting five minutes to I think and cascading for your most ensure Or today because I'm sadly gonna go to my signature Into the most real world incident in the middle is impossible. You can't just stop your finger, sex, predict your own needs, which believe is possible to be into total living now. But see, who would invite you to let me can't hold it in? And if they have seven songs on Instagram, because they can say, I spam is good. Okay, so the Building Committee, get to our first vote on the internet. They're just trying to play one-day-one. They're just trying to play one-day-one. They're just like grabbing the limit statement in front of a court data to allow the strategy and giving the military infinite money, which, okay, I'll just walk slowly to the right side. Two links to the net budget, I'm gonna say go to the right side. I'll call it a political, it causes political infighting over, it solves the link to the, it's obviously at least a politics that was cross-exed. And it solves the link to the Russian design, because it would cause Russian re-modernization. The other, by the way, funding everything fails, eight deck requests to dance to be able to love, will fire over, it says that on triple best, it says that it'll eat the DOD, cause 16-year-old, right? 20-year-old has been fired this time, so I got a little destructive amount of crisis, maybe it was all dead, I mean, it was only the inflation that mentioned, we have another crisis, but I never go around to a huge recession in the USA tomorrow. 10-year-old is going to see it, repeating this as we don't want to go, because the mitigation boss is rapsing, raps from the starting civilian government, they want to resolve, with that, a bunch of guys' assumptions, what they want to say is that it's safe, which are where the country needs to see, Amazon, Amazon, Amazon, so I'll turn this to the social media, and then it'll actually, some of the companies will have a lot of exposure to this, I seriously, I'm just a scaredy, for seasoning, it looks funny, we've heard of the growth, otherwise, so essentially, it's what the country should be just fine by it. She's been planning to do planets, one to both, because we have been a bit, after, we have been a bit, after the plan to, and obviously, this is not the case, it's a dramatic concept, uncertainty, and the effects are a double XA, so you shouldn't roll the dice, or plan on the new player complex, for even if they amend the kind of my text, it doesn't solve, because we don't have this, that no, currently, which means that, we can't order a shape, but it's beyond a both, obviously means that, it reduces the opportunity cost, by any kind, they will be sure to demand our lives for resources to human society, these two boxes of rapsing, that's worth it, that's worth it, for an easy, counting us through the software, water, and oxygen, impossible, and all the parts of the, and radiation, they can put them up, by the possibility of repair, within twice in the earth, that's not sufficient, the requirements of large numbers of our whole, for a partial genetic diversity, and total amounts of state orders, that will have an doubt about whether the player crops can, as far as that per glory, that risk-based pollution, complicated oxygen, and the difference, is sort of a one-hundred devices, but it's not a going to be designed, there are absolutely, I don't know the colony, otherwise, the next century, consists of data, stuff without earth, nor are we all, so that core, it's a six-conditionally obvious, slash, one-two-three, all types of rural evictions, no cost options, I've seen these types of in-depth patterns, but it's a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, I'm gonna throw a chocolate chocolate in the corner. Our president faces 91 criminal charges on a five. If God's a little terminated, he'll form policy and being weak on every series since the most important seven is six. Biden doesn't stop warming. He doesn't want to get out of the inflation reduction. He actually sees two stalls, seven trouble. He doesn't cost another country. He's still put either or some poor salt in it. It's a two far off, but if Trump didn't do it in his first four years, he won't do it. And he is second forward. The CDC decided. One, Biden turned it over. We're budgeting it on a performance. Trump's Congress strategy. Trump's defense budget. That's what I come up to. The after-fuses. That's right. That's right. The first one is on top of the US. That's the most important part of the GBSC since the budget of the X-BAM is about really explicitly re-forming. I'll try a three. No link. That's not no cancellation. Get a car possibly because possible. It's a bit of a default on the little none of my credit act for the plaintiff's popular court. Two of the fine children with the GBSC not continue to be overloaded. It would be overloaded. It's a part of the public government. It's a basis of opposition was on turn point in 2020, seven days. It was in the alternate. So we're all the alternate policy five on this outstanding PC there. I've just said, see some points and I spread it, but he is fighting. So holding out the water, I'm not going to be in fact a stupid venture for our for guys. People have babies. They grow to be productive taxpayers and afford abilities. Obviously not the primary right now, which is my people having kids who can't afford it. The artificial bed is at one. Modernization is broadly inevitable because the US has life extension of the minimum post plan and they need mobility to prevent a first strike to sell it at summaries or inevitable because they're a crucial second strike weapon, which means that they're the standard is probably not unique for you. The plan process cancels. The cancellation of the other workups, they have said about it. We've got our seats to play above our arch control for it. Public interest is inevitable. First strike is revisionist. It wants to build domination. Then obviously the probable dry value rush to the start is supposed to never really find the internal like a trade off card is about the Oppenkauer, which is a hyper. It's not like which proves our never ability. Our six-year-old state's are not a threat. Our waste. Twenty-two tears were done on the top of the list. Those guys were chasing up and everyone's international terrorism was not otherwise. At least actually get terrorism. It was not allegedly less explicit. Little more free. I was thinking of joining out of state. I'm going to explain some kind of an operation. If we all say it was going to be the most. I'm going to go with it. I'm going to say it. I'm going to have those since the 1990s. The 1970s that a virtual takes is not increasing seven-person. Modernization is your money over requirements offset street delivery, the global priority over the long run removing this pressure brings up to the arms control table with refender, Zegar 20. The US may take more hours than any new wearable vintage, not as monstrous as the US. That's more delivery systems such as motion and instead of a barbecue bubble such as style, so I'm going to ask you about what these kids do. They wanted our solar decision to reduce but put the US in a stronger position. That card is marked. It's stronger position. It's a stronger position. There's a small party check. I want to ask you one more. I'm working on it. I mean, yeah. 1120. Are you going to have to wear a half-act? Yeah. So, to be very clear, like, the plan eventually is where all ICPS, like, there are There are how low length where there are no ICBMs in the resource world. Yeah. After life extension of the entry is no longer talking to the Bible. Okay. Would you think it was in like 2065? Okay. Um, topicality, you've defined a limit and restriction, neither of which are in the revolution. Why is that particular? Like you have defined the way to limit an restriction, but as the resolution says, restrict and eliminating why are those particular? Because we think they are forms of the same order, which have the same definition. Why is that true? Well, because like the definition of running is to run. So if you define one word, you could provide a particular definition of the other words. We think we have also defined contextual words about disarmament and elimination of nuclear arms, which are more particular than the public's of a new topic. No, we'll saw evidence that the current world in the United States is to limit your Korea's nuclear weapons program, and it defines all the nation in that context. So you think that that's true of ideas? Uh, I don't know why we're like nitpicking about what definition cards are even that are not about nuclear weapons, or that are about nuclear weapons, because you have read cards that are like, in this court case about like water and resource sharing. But the government is not going to prevent your cards. Should it is certain when immediate? Okay, I'm just going to move on. The argument that you've made on the spending account plan and also on cases like you keep asserting a certain trillion number, but then when I look at read for reference, it's just about the broader federal fiscal outlook, and then the paragraph before that is about nuclear modernization. So why do you think this evidence is about the ICDM program specifically? Uh, because that is. It's like, entitlement programs grow 89% of spending. Like you keep saying 13 really good. Well, this refedence is like the US will add 13 trillion to the, it's like you are correct that the context that that is using. It's like the US will add 13 trillion to the debt in total. The refedence is like the most important thing about that is military modernization programs that are over budget. And the most important thing about that is the central. Okay. I'll just take that. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. facel killer. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. All right. All right. All right. Okay. All right. All right. a 41. Very pretty. Real quick, before you go, is the years have you maybe had no, no, no, no, no, no no. It's all right. very clever. H tour humor. Yeah, send me that. Ahh! Actually, that's a good... Oh, well, it's on my iPad and it's recording right now. I'll upload it to Google Drive and then... Cool. Because that was just an audio recording, right? Yeah. You guys play teams? You can have that too. I want those people to do it. Yeah. Kind of busted. So, like... Hmm? Kind of good. Is that your signature? No. Oh, it's kind of misleading because the PC is on. Oh, is that... No, it's not. I actually like that. You got it? Yeah. It's a little bit of... Trees. Or for... ...me too. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. So, you didn't do it at all? Yes. What was your biggest benefit... ...in the acting scene? Um, a great sport in that chat. Yeah. Yeah. That was why you didn't do it. Yeah, I just like get all my shift together. I'm here in school. Yeah. Are you in the process of a vinyl writing right here? Yeah. I apply. So, I wait for her to turn around. So, I'm right here, yeah. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Thank you. Uh... Yeah. And also, I feel like, That was a great topic to myself. What? Yeah, it was fun. The nuclear argument ended up in the top of the crowd. My opinion doesn't matter. I'm like, what would it be? It was the nearest person. Yeah, personally, I think that's a good idea. Oh, yeah. No. Wait, what is it actually? Oh, it's the legal person. I thought it would be like, what would be I? Do you have fun with the great gift of AI? Oh, no. I just thought we had an AI team and then I have fun. I feel like AI is fun. I don't know. I mean, it's like, it isn't really too hard to do the job. Is it stopping more? No, but I'll talk to it more than the last thing. Yeah. Oh, okay. My own problems are always good. No. Okay. Oh. Not close. Not close. I don't know. My favorite topic is the YC. I agree. How do you go about the YC? I read the birding, chairing app before the chair. I was like, no one thought it was key in the beginning. Because there's like some weird, like, defensive path at least part of the road. And it was like, pro all lines, not made in lines. Yeah. Yeah. It's just everything I thought would be like, the... The... The birding, chairing app, key. Oh, because this, you know, is what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. With drop from NATO, like NATO's guy is very good in today. Yeah. Did you know I was a lot of people? Yeah. I love her, though. Yeah, I like her. And we have her little, a little drop from her. She's your? Yeah. I was a chair and then water. Always for terrible. Yeah. And then we're just backwards. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Are you all good if I locally record this? Because, you know, so one thing that happens to me is I got like aphasia and like weird, like vision spots, which makes flow a little weird. Don't worry, it's all good. And I just don't want to miss anything. So are you all the fan-type recorders listed in a little bit more than two? Okay, cool. And then I'm good. Let's just keep going. If you ever need me to like stop, just like... No, it's not going to be like an emergency or anything. It's just like if I'm being totally transparent, like it's going to be a little bit harder for me to like process information. Like the next 20, 30 minutes. Yeah. Yeah. So if there's like a universal thing, it would just be like really idiot-proof-ness for me. Sure. But yeah. I'm going to be fine. It's so well-good. It is. It is. I mean, my grades sometimes. But yeah, that's where I'm at. Is there anything else we can do to like? No, no. So, okay. Yeah. Okay. Let me go run. Okay. I'm set. Yeah, it's going to be the R That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Question about the mother question. I love the world pursuing new thoughts. I think it would probably be a new thought. Our supposed to be a new community of votes, which is simply pretty much the launch off of the new votes. The wider you have the shift has happened to the Bergusan finding it's repurposed to our recent review, the one that's aware of it, since that is where funding was diverted from, and the list of program revivalist indicates this. The next argument is, well, I think first right here, so the results in sub-campulation, public pressure is not inevitable. The threat of first use is that we can justify these weapons that are nevertheless unpopular. The plan removes that which less public pressure can be inevitable, overcome justification that currently existed by the systems that are much more interested in first use of purpose, but high-maversation, political submarines comes out of the need to convince public that Russia is secure, against the potential pressure from the United States, for jump and expenditures like submarines, or broadly unpopular, conveying the image of your mere sense of purity, or the only narrative that strikes this otherwise public opposition at least as one is easy to put, who's as many as spinning to subs as a win against the House of US Quiddick. Not all 20, comes from a false, this is your hapestment, and you can't really see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world, but you can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world, but you can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world, but you can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world, but you can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world, but you can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world, but you can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world, but you can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world, but you can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. You can't see the other side of the world. Honestly, relevant, which weapon the plane results in the cancellation of whether it's SORMA, SUBS, OMEGAR, or the combination of all three. All we need to win is that the plane results in those parts being redirected towards the part of the system, which is bad. Now, terror, defense is natural. Doesn't assume the group's limits keep the police and vulnerabilities in Russia. And like anything else in Russia, then it's 22 ethnic. Over that we'll include the English, OCD, English, Russian, and Carter, and all of the U.S. That's why we're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this, We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this. We're doing this now We're doing this. We're doing it. We're doing this now We're doing it now. We're doing this now We're doing this now We're doing this now We're doing this now 43. Obviously you just said, okay. Okay, link number one is modernization is because Putin fears a US for strike and the plan makes him not want a second strike capability anymore. Why then does he need the ghost trade or nukes at all? Our argument is that there is current public pressure for the ghost trade. There are people in the public, there are people in the military that have access to Putin that want the US or that want Russia to adapt the ghost trade out. We have read a couple different cards for why one there's Tyson. What? What are they saying? So our cards indicate that Putin is one people into the military who quote, prioritization of land-based capabilities over air or sea capabilities. Yes. Second is that there are fiscal constraints that say that the current modernization plan except Russia is developing, have shifted away from the board use in and the robust. Yeah, I got it. Those are two words for why if the West is no longer a threat and Russia does not need a second strike deterrent, why does the military want nukes at all? Just okay. Well, obviously the plain is not resulting in denuclearizing Russia and the US is not denuclearizing Russia. Do you say they don't? They don't need a second strike anymore because they don't. Yes. They don't need weapons that are particularly developed in response to the US's first strike that is not needed in the public. This all or nothing wants to stop developing medical nuclear weapons. What would you try? Every not needed a secure second strike capability but wanted an offensive nuclear weapons. Our argument is that there is public pressure because Russia particularly cares about their status which is the second link that I read on the international stage and says that novel nuclear weapons, things that other countries do not have whatsoever, are able to project that image globally. Okay. And the plan removes the justification which stops Russian modernization which causes it in the other areas. Yes. Okay. So the link is that the plan causes Russia to stop the current modernization. It's just like the issue with like everything that you're writing. Just the one-assie is the one-assie is the area that says that the plan stops in certain forms of Russian modernization. So even if it's not let's hear me out for like the 22nd even if it's not some modernization. We don't have a lot of money on it. We just want to say that cutting down the SORMA gets transferred into the party. The link is that the plan causes Russia to draw down their current modernization. Yes. Yes. That's 42. And that started the Texas Michigan chain for one or nine or like out of the realm of the move. Thanks buddy. Just been a like clearly Texas and the Ramen Group on their chain from what I was talking about. Right. The office. It's the light is disability-based drive. So that means good for an order. It's the NTD counterplan. The politics is not your. Audio changed to Souls two plays of Union stuff. It's actually a cultural. The own top saturated. The dialog. The arms are true. The So, just check NUE politics, Trump, Indiana, Champagne, TUE, New Carolina. Yeah. Cool. Everybody done? Yes. Ready? Oh, yeah. Okay, great. You can see the permuches with this competition. You can see the immediate, serious, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, data, media, media, media, media, gave messages from above. are truly little lowly often to its own often to its own name is everybody who has learned to describe it in the stop-lapse which is worse out it's a monopolized problem, it's a public stance, it's not the credibility for it, it deserves repulsive mercy and it deserves very solid theory solves it the right back-hand lens breaks the out that's going to be the one that mentions it, she may be the only real world in traditional impacts when it's shredded, day and class like healthcare, the new stopping has ample room for verbal innovation to stand a year for the debate, it's not real world, we can be a new leader, move I see them, it's not way for visual awareness, if he's out, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading, read the reading he wasids came outvin' eight I I'm going to talk to the lady in the party. Okay, 642. Oh, my God, do you have Spad, any other shenanigans? Grace. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's not a problem. I can fix it to you. Okay. Okay. All right. Now, everybody's coming from radio, font, for my message. Uh-oh. So let's see how this works. Like, it talking about thesoft bit definition. Okay. And use that Melon Diva reporter. We are kind of a nice bloop Breitbart lurk button here. Just see through the veryroot button. floor. Indies." The advantage one, advantage two. The advantage happens. The first right counterplan, arms control is sad. Or the, like the Russia decided to. Sorry, you can sort of arms control, excuse me, advantage counterplan, and you can do the Russia at sea. Okay. I'm going to be sad for you. Sorry. I'm sorry. I should know where this gamble is, but it's going to be on top. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, advantage one, advantage two. The advantage counterplan. Right. Right. The first right counterplan, the Russia decided. Okay. All right. All right. I'm going to choose. Okay. All right. Okay. Alright, I'm good. Yes, I just do it like this. I don't know. Okay, now I do. Can see it, arms control fails. Russia defects from history of treaties and quotes saying no, if you don't cancel modernization and in fact, quote, you need a letter of relations fail and send tips of incentivizing other countries to build up their ourselves to outpace the U.S. I mean to plan to class in Russia to continue building up their names and how to write contradictory for our own compulsory acts of effect insurance that we need to send it to the investments that are assigned to resilience under lives to our costly, but those are current systems that we are already spending money in. The GBSG requires 30 to 20 more dollars at least, but more than 30 to 30. The link for a not to 20 40, which is extremely costly timeframe, no time for argument because we immediately cancel will be a GBSG which saves money even if it takes a long time to face out ice cream numbers. They're not key to deterring from rules, which does not matter, ice cream is key because they are being phased out, but they'll be, but it will be conventional to turn specifically key to detergities in Russian vlogs, or air force gas, misfibilish, or impossible. In fact, it's about as a senate failure as well as a public side. Interactive and closer to major tech renditions, any air cascades across the chain of the main two links to the link to about arbitrary essentialist vice versa, single-word down while joining in its work. Computer rights for you can't see any food, turn off attention to community teachers when they're in no miscout. This talk is about war, not ice against which has a decision time of minutes war has a decision time of days. It doesn't quite matter. The detergities are entirely low level. The detergities are entirely low level or event is about essentially flush. The cyber defense is not essential, and the low level defense is not about cyber infrastructure. The top of the calorie, but the donation can be faced down to zero evidence is a court-evaluating dictionary definition, and deciding their predictable and improved practice limits also means they're going to zero, so they can say zero bad and pick out the goal of the innovation. The innovation about this test against zero is actually so what happens when the amount of fans are stricken should not vice versa, so it's not going to be the definition of the result of the rise of the claim, the answer of research on which design gradually gets rid of the So they're just going to be cut the central rule now, so they can't read immediate perception limits and still go to zero, so the ICB has good, they can read a pick out of the end goal and still say that faceout is bad and out if worse than the extent of research to affect the weapon and why they want to achieve the most effective weapon. If we have a bad view of this point of truth about correct theory, I'm really just asking for a limited school because politics is brought out every conversion about the actual missile. Now our office is for articulity, only interpretation of the real world that comes first, I've always wanted to take research over the debate, so I have no one else in the debate that's going to be happening to me, and I'm going to be getting rid of research and the one who are on these words, now the advantage kind of unfortunately to do both most effective tools, so first turn kind of on which we know later but to just not solve the but those are going to be advanced as far as with RIT 13 trillanes, they literally drop 13 trillanes tax to millions, domestically which begins to settle resilience and drop low, but who evidence which is the risk of the risk of impact to that, their impact is just about not causing economic crisis when they drop billing to the term district and conventional insurance and strategic and property which is about to our impasse gas prices and the other but the assets that they can't lose the GBCs and they can't depend on it, but also does not solve access when they sell the best and the BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BST and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BSTs and BST women, so, b Ay speaking disarmamentes h max because thefed atpl Ty a chastuer Of course all countries want to hear secretary three don't find if the plan makes Russia no longer needs to hear secretary Then obviously we need to open up your nation about the district because they would need to all those process for Miniman obviously sold the plan a life extends a first-right capability in the long-term at least until 2065 Which ensures that this is on term? It is at least return now to you about go back to tea and a few subsets and just our sets are more squirly So they don't solve limits and we do because we require getting to zero which is an enormous policy proposal We always pick up the goal which is to know the best I Yeah So So So So So So So So So Sorry I guess that's planets tea assistants It's a Mata and areas of luxury extinction that went since they're coping sites like collisions with their new trunks are assquists by getting stuck into a black hole for impacts one's reasons were as you're out say localize their increasing in probability, divergory leaders turn a war global assquists are in response to domestic unrest with rules in a nuclear war that's wood for executive disease, caste, extinction, biggest pathages the nation's interest in a billion doesn't trail from transmissibility to black heads, mama, and stars and people are just to be getting away from diseases that the entire community's Super Bowl campus also causes to the sheet of and it says that for example yellowstone is Super Bowl get out of the potential of the web of the entire community whether it's a rub and it's coming now which means they're trying to write for the campground afterwards also in a family constitution above it it says it causes things like bowl of firestorms, it was only your day of recreation and turning the world into a content of clients and vegetation which would result in NAI ultimately human extinction that our waste on sheer scope which must come first in your decision making campus because the website infinite future life's 20 more and says that an attorney could go a little more even if it weren't even if it weren't included all our snores will be far from extinction because we're at 400 million people who are surviving the remote portions of South America and Australia that can still sustain civilization only our category of evidence loss in existence we've got to be one that can't apply to the debate simply on scope permutation through both does not make any sense of plans clearly for a big beyond immediately based south of GBS in the launch is not inclined in the bad boys so our men is just not wrong the plane gets revised to be up from the campland uses ICBMs there clearly and obviously mutually schools are the sequencing arguments pretty much separate as you should vote in and some of it that makes the app for moving charted and always make it around the sea only thing that they have said on this which is that we went to have the county that we were the main topic on the top glass must defend any open each of ICBMs aligns are meant to defend the plane happening in 50 years to the terrible for an event you rarely hear the teams of new learning young teams losing to do the app in a week but letting after you gradually zero zeros all coordinate around all the sub-equivalence and we're at our way all our theaters because they are a pre-condition for negative research and preparation the app swatters and that when they get delayed the app gets to pay any future day which they plan occurs which is zero so we can see a marty set clause in that ICBMs good returns and insurance which will air on sudden shocks or topping is strong for the app unit and if you and it starts subsets which provides just as a potential apps a layer of service that they are screwing but it's not provided word for why that the case should and restrict both mean immediate since elimination needs that they must be eliminated immediately they do not meet our interpretation they said that the plane happens in 2065 should notifies the rest of the resolution which is at the app must be needed immediate they cannot go for bad counterpoints obviously drop the bad counterpoints moves to theory it is a natural check on duty after the week with the policy step benefit no new to air answers we also turn this it is good for us to have defenses of immediate and certain actions that shouldn't be difficult on a perception based on if you don't solve ground the way our jobs that we should be able to say using ICBMs now is good against an ICBMs bad after the zeros the core controversy of the resolution disproves the we cannot research weapons if I just don't bring the leop is one is ground I waste completely you know the world is having a second preparation untenable it's a different resource move the app in the what you can expect to be malicious they will commit racially on and so I've already couple people subsidy them in order I. too there might be contextual definitionny is a littleeman definition words like sh pomp will never beat a blockers and therefore wonderful they air mitigate for species to prove Ray ID recent marriage for this traction boys in being watching you that limits determines what can and cannot be put into practice second. Their fifth is breathability is a sliding skill which means that if we win our definition it's a visually big or risky way to limit that way you will see that both definitions are somewhat processions that means it has to be a tired rigor broadly. It is good for us to sacrifice a real role nature ability to some extent when it's key to preserving the activity in the field. It's in the most real role it sustains to be it's for both the app and the negative teams don't respond to the ICBM app with it's impact over your own rate immediately. Both ICB's are good and bad which gets closer to the real debates that are happening outside of this activity, the one-year of trust, that that sort of community consensus is what determines what is it and is not for people in practice which means that it has that way. Now recently it's bad once some of all reasonable in terms of soil that is beyond reasonable and out reasonable second-of-the-art resources are directed which kills debate there's no right like for what is reasonable for is no link to both worshiping incredibly uncomfortable or infraside definitions to lose sport. His crowd is wrong, he is substance abuse, the definition of resolution towards our crucial Italian knowledge probably. You should just be super suspect of voting affirmative in this debate when we have reason for why ICB's are good and the affirmative is ICB is bad. Voting app does not make any sense in this contest now that I've managed to have. Can I please all the components of advantage to base unconventional deterrence and in the need to shift by funding away from the ICB. If those $2 billion can come from taxing the wages, we must have the right to say that their evidence has to be funded. Can you come from Utah so we should not contribute to the benefits that they have dropped? This Benson-Girhev is a system that there is no impact in the debt is sustainable. The zero of the societal resilience arguments on case, it says that the US debt is not far ahead. It's not a significant outlier in terms of sustainability and ways to help support the debt burden there are innovations that make debt the more manageable monetary policy can adapt to changing conditions. And the Fed is moving towards the dynamic that makes the level of debt far more terrible with fruits than making salt conventional determinants. There's no ACB, we have to keep work to this from the buildings in that benefit because the advantage of the event is that the one-hour was bad on that one. The rush of the said there's no impact in the tier. They also continue to see the outcast all but advantage. There's no straight turn, the arms control advantage. I'm going to extend defense here because I don't think that one-hour handles the correct. They just say that 0.38% is not about access. Now true US, which award is not happening in Nigeria's great power. The two of the MSS that are merchant-esque ladies and vetted and rush through the doctrine which proves that Ukraine's state conventional DME and Rothuguses and the shots are so low because there is a political will or capacity for the world. Which implicates great power. We're also level in what the S-clays to nuclear use are one-to-one. So that Putin and all other leaders are all talking to public hate because the word is unpopular ever since the devastating effect. So you'll always back down. Now the procurement advantage, there's zero shots and an accident is about the only thing that one of yours has a systemic check-spill because redundancy. This is not sure because redundancy significantly decreased so there is a set-by set-pussive decoding authenticating targeting. And logic has multiple actors involved at each step of the ICB. It is not compressed as you're making the one-to-giller. Evidence from the intelligence assets that are pre-reconcented to combine silly and wish-re-loved and insituating all the witches' proofs. The thesis of your trailer, the Everandist, the last close call was in 1970. And that was a Soviet-side computer glitch. Not a US-side computer glitch. There's no escalation. Even if this stuff happened, close calls have never resolved into an award. Humans are always still looking. They have a kind of a bias to the S-clays to the S-clays to the S-clays. And the impact was answered above. But the ICB has rc, but I think there's no risk of a great power war or a discussion of your war. So start by a choice, not an accident. They don't stumble in an image or copy that neither desire. And the end of one party because an unstoppable reaction to the pipe human has never happened in history before. That's parking. Which you were early wanting to sit and sit down. The answer to the question is, is the priority option for both countries set up first life or either were not neutralized all groups since we said they were significantly decreases the incentive to launch for a second as it appears there's no major war that has been accidental. Country search is almost run out and were too much just for their cyber argument. You can cyber. If that's sudden that assume this has to be done, assume this has to be done. And there's no counter-substituted type. Because attribution fails, SPNOC, and coercion. There's no incentive or they have no interest in conducting it. I know exactly what happens to it. I don't think it all about the choice. I don't know what about idiot proofing average and not understand what this error is stored to in order. But if we went top-counting, we were there as something to make. Because they have structurally no risk of offense. Because the purpose I guess no question, which means that it is shared, I saw. Why are we doing great work? We are only going for the procurement scenario. Social resilience. Other conventional deterrence and messagey. We'll eat the DOD budget now. That drains money from conventional deterrence and biotech. Subvert home again. Broadly switched to resilience. Things like pandemics. Russian Chinese faith. The complex and great zone escalations. They're accessing even from the tuner. Because they think the lead intentional war is being started on purpose. It's an affirmative argument for the conventional deterrence at the low level. The ICB has useless for that. Because it is a nuclear weapon, which eats the rest of the duty, which is important for controlling broadly assulation. That is to great power. The tuner is asking you to dice roll. Other things do ask you to say the most structural instability on society. The convergence of resistance likely in the tuner. Drop the words about bioterrorism. Hit the exit to a noise. Ask you to dice roll on no great power. However, what you should not do is likely and more intentional is after they have no risk of moments to get some purpose. Yes, no. Now the optional literature is largely isn't about because they are asking you to say there is never any great power when they have dropped it. The US will not be determined of defense anymore and currently what they see. If you're really given to state and not, you send the GBST as cheap. And we have a specific internal capability to really eat the conventional deterrence budget. If you think that structurally makes you more more likely than you can vote, a firm to the advantage counterplan nor a so kind of legal for me. It is absurd. But $1.3 trillion dollars will be the GBST program which is the largest in history protected being equivalent of the UDF, DOD's entire budget even if they are open and seems optimistic. But on the impact of that, it is not a stream that attracts people to the needs of all these who take blood sugar, cover which he gets to the best explaining its societal resilience to the limits of defense that is necessary to build up a pandemic and push back to the rest of our community. That is coming out with a Georgia-responsive kitchen and go-war for biowakens military. It has separate taxes on critical infrastructure costs pandemics and unknown conashmies which is the Ferrari evidence shops. Even if you give the military a blank check for $20,000, that is ineffective because they will sort of just take all of the money and use the true author. If you infinitely fund the military, they will use the true author to act like so or not useful which means that being short of course money is not something as key. And if it really certainly does not solve our conventional deterrence impact on true and or largely answers our identity package, does not think that we are going forward as to us. I'm telling it, we are not saying that it costs any decreases. Part of the argument is that it costs the decreases in the U.S. part of it is that it makes the military spending the stupid and inefficient which causes our conventional deterrence which causes conventional deterrence. Now, permutation to do well by the mops of residual offense, the children are starting to have a justification for combining counterplants so you should have a student that they can't do and the plan is going to play who cares about it. It takes no way because the plan kills the sort of conflict of that kills everyone which is the one they see and I get with just a hundred billion people and the dark heart on the other side surviving is insufficient because that new group where it's still global and genocide which is bad and the permutation is definitive and if I do it in it then yes no one does not work with service because this is just not at all if I do what the plan does and if the outside strike was current, check that the plan does not cancel and try to 65 years to be very explicitly clear about from what they see cross-hic on the court evidence that we will have them in a minute in three-six year until 2065 which means that if the on is immediate they were a strike with that technology now the only thing the plan minutes now is that we get rid of the essential that causes the drawdown to zero in the locker with like over the window of life, extended whatever door it is fails but the permutation the ons using those weapons in the sense code which takes us from the 400 we have now now at 2390 top of the county basically how the one is not going to be your shot if I do it in any sense no because this is just plainly not other than the knock competitive there's no risk of the plan and the kind of benefits of the plan does and if you have a strike with your technology the plan is not cancelled for six to five years since the audience is immediate the purpose also is no separate to be or very clear about what the plan does when we went top of the county then we win the permutation, take! free to get sure the affirmative does eliminate ICBMs just solely then it gets the current that insurance like speakers we take immediate option but then I get it itself so I'm limited because I put in a few some things that it starts up since after more scrolling because it is more difficult to defend than we should have nuclear weapons and specific initiatives that have nuclear weapons in the abstract story back to the counter money they wanted this counter money they could have just said strike a Mars and we have Mars and Saturn or whatever with the send note which would have been given it which bought some of the residual office top of the county there's not an interpretation in this state we do not mean because our interpretation by the price there is the affirmative is from an immediate and immediately made its kids like the send a little bit of getting to zero if elimination is a gradual process which they said of course they have dropped but they certainly and immediately mandating that gradual process is topical it is the equivalent of saying I should restrict my unhealthy habits by starting a diet that means that I immediately and certainly should start but starting itself does that make it that I immediately finish that I had to make those prodigal sense of this most to do and to the slide to the one that I are in elimination of nukes is itself gradual there's no way to immediately and certainly do a rapid process the process that every does not counter defined elimination their power cards are saying that our price will be low which the plan does do and remember you should stop doing the thing they look after and each other after the one of your finishes the flow they want to go for it not and then stop pulling these that makes it immediately obvious what of the two and are is going to be now the framing issue for the limits and ground arguments we do like to turn some insurance that it needs to say that we should have my students in the long term of the plan to have some immediate action which our interpretation requires the affirmative to do which we think you still get linked to the signaling links about assurance and attorney to even still get your CMR links but the two and are essentially going for we need to be going to go for politics which you also can do against affirmative except you have to read an action not that we need elimination is I see you try but also going for assurance and some more educational results it more in that question rates and their interpretation they do not so many of their limits arguments because the NSU and discharge sometimes means that you can take an individual strike plan off the table or disarm an individual weapon if that is topical the affirmative is also topical because the affirmative discharges the send-off which is also a drop argument CMR politics is a terrible argument to turn it insurance is much better and the should definition the plan happens now but it causes the elimination of the leg is what I say by the way it's not universally lose our term theory but we are not really but our offense is purpose on affirmative ground of capital limited immediately limited the so the negative always gets overpowered picks by kind of but it's not immediately loose theory but it is worse to debate the gradualism counterclaiming the gradualism app because you can't read assurance that the parents against yourself will structurally jacks off ground it makes or stale debate through the topic is extremely small which means that the opener and the T or the exact same that app innovation is crucial because we mitigated their limited ground arguments and the two in order to not have a definition of elimination which frames the rest of the resolution in thirds and interpretation that we do not be all the rest of the stuff only we have offense which means that he is part of that good night