 I can't trust my relation, I'm not all worthy of what to do with insurance, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to call it a statement, I'm not afraid to call it a statement, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, I'm not afraid to ask my translation, put nobody on the phone, it's a right-wing phone, this was the one thing is, little I'm the first person when I I see you I put it here as well and can think Abilanti was the one core Mail knew what might or strain it to the first child, to the first child calculation daughter only existed two years ago today police to hunt in asked myselfConservative the first intensive ordinance to a surely chart to the questions adjustments onto the In third year the first twenty forty periods when police to one child only died 22 years ago because what symphony was Province constantly I have to ask the staff, and letting you worship, I've posted on the door to the table, where there were sisters and influencers, and I've said, well, if they have brought her, or sisters and influencers, or as far as the I'd like, the rest of us to try to destroy the person who's so high, they're at any mistake, and all the texts are considered, and the concerts are all so cool, and all the texts are all so cool, and all the texts are all so cool, and all the texts are all so cool, and all the texts are all so cool, and all the texts are all so cool, and all the texts are all so cool, and all the written key things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, and all the things are so cool, but all of the things are so cool, of like the Arctic or is that like the Arctic circle? Is it geographic region? Okay, so it's not like, so if we were to hit like first use against Russia but like on their territory that's not in the Arctic, then that would be fine. Probably fine. Okay, and so in that case, how do you resolve Russian perceptions of the threat of first use that the US is still in the country? Well, we don't resolve all perceptions of first use everywhere, merely in the Arctic, which our evidence identifies as the critical internal like to the British. Like if the US is in the country, you don't think that they would probably be there? It's got nuclear threats first the Russia Northern Fleet and the severity back. Okay, so like say like the Russia like Russia like in Northernth we just shifts okay, in Northernr there wouldn't be the border of this. No. No, more in the Northern area. Well, no, but like the problem is that if you declared a declared a declared renters of a fine to that geographic region? They could just shift the fleet up. Then we'll talk about the Dutch'- Tekhardt from the region, the skyscraper only. That's your again. So your first part is like, like nuclear deterrence is likely this security risk cannot be intended through the use of classic deterrence theory because nuclear actors aren't rational here, so what is the alternative theory that is in a useful way? The reason why nuclear actors, it's not that nuclear actors are not rational ever, it's the argument that once you add three nuclear actors within an equation, then something got traditional modes of deterrence simply do not assume, because the complexity of interactions in case. Yeah, I get that. So then if, if, So the alternative is just like deterrence bias is happening. So we need to... If D.S. and quote like random, like, I don't know, it's just like block versus... Oh, block that more. ...as opposed to state of acting rationally, let me finish my question. So if states don't act rationally, how can you assume that, and... Okay, again... ...the result of tensions that exist in the Orchard. Okay, again, your archival sizes have both... Okay, I don't think you're asking the right question, because again, this part is not about how states are irrational, it's about how two rational actors is what the model assumes, and the other side of the image, you've said that military tensions plus Arctic cooperation, and the reason why is because, after Russia in May, Ukraine, the global community, have several cooperation with the country, how do you resolve that? Yeah, and then later it says, despite cooperation on several Arctic issues, geopolitical tensions escalated, because of control of the Northern Sea roots, and the fact that we've just re-activated this second fleet, like obviously, the specific differences in the actual... ...in the eastern of the U.S. is re-activation, specifically. Well, it becomes less on- I'll say, because it cannot use their preemptive first-right-hand Russia, which is what may appear. Okay. Where is the bill right now? Well, it's also the clear evidence of isolation, it does look at what it is for any previous who... Right. U.S. You better have the fleet. Okay. Well... The road lights are flat, and the figure they have out to Okay. 12-13 Oh... Hmm... The World Sea is five, and on the mocking-body advantage when the ... Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Sure. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. I'm sorry. Okay. So, we'll do that and talk to you. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Thank you very much. Okay. Hey, I'm turning off, I'm turning off, I'm turning off. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm going to be to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to youakin to to to To to the late operation, the criticism several, which I decided was somebody that put on other strikes to defend his life, compared to one of the more robust and refugee-in-house agencies, which would be the information that I wrote was negotiable to the U.S. It was insufficient. I'm really imagining. I'm going to be imagining that. Okay. Dr. Dean, I'm imagining that. Remaining CBN's some reassurance, points where your revenue should be potential to the other, most recent regional bonds, where you just move the trigger. Twenty good governance for a red color, and with the argument, I guess led by the S.C. of a company, I'm running the government's of Rosho Bute-Nedos, and Gage Ruzu, and the S.C. protests discussions from a halt. I find that more than 400. It just goes like fast. Dallas xenonary. I think it goes like an uptick Leo shen is now I don't allow the group issues. Uh, yeah. Well, it wouldn't work explicitly say that, but it wouldn't make the option of the table. So the option would still be on the table. That countries consult first-strike each other in a demilitarized zone, like that's your argument. Yeah. OK, so how does that solve anything? Like Russian knows the US consult first-strike then. Because we think that it is de-escalatory to evacuate all of our countries. And they know that the US can, OK. So the demilitarized. But like, if we evacuate all of our conventional forces, then obviously we're not moving from the low. OK, so the only thing that you remove are conventional capabilities. But the nuclear capabilities remain. It's not like there are nukes sitting in the Arctic. I mean, actually, you've covered up the things that there are nukes sitting in New Arctic. But that's fine. OK, the other question I have is, he and a few. Argument, what is a general class? You said policies must apply to a general class. What is a general class? Yeah, so in this context, that would be the globe. In every country. So policies must apply to a general class. I mean, for instance, the first and second the first and second of the Arctic is not a general class. Because it's not general. It is a geographic specification. I mean, this just seems like your part. It actually is not semantic. It has the difference between a general class and a specific class. Does the alt allow American first-use names? The alt is not a, it does not include the plan. I know. It's a yes-to-no question. Under the world of the alt can be US-long. It does not mean it's a no question, because cheeks are not a no-or plan to miss out. Clearly. I know. But I really just have a question about what the critique would look like. Like the alt is clearly incompatible with a US-first-use strategy. It doesn't really be on the first-use, but it says that the ideology that it adopts means that there's a no-or. So we agree, world of the alt-first-rex are incompatible. They will not occur, right? Yeah. Well, I think that applies to the transverse about what the world of the alt is. OK, the forest training takes place. The only line in this card that I can possibly see that's a link is the last paragraph. It says, quote, a bargain is required. Biting could agree to develop the SLM-C-N. In exchange, Republicans could lend public support to post new start, follow on arm control. Like, what does this have anything to do with the plan being restricted? Well, this card is about general nuclear organs. You are corrected. It's not about Arctic NfU, but it is about the nuclear organics on the table in Congress that binded into Congress. So it says Biden could agree to develop the SLM-C and prepare for a nuclear upload into existing ICBMs and SLBMs. I mean, why is this the only concession that he could possibly make to Republicans? Why can't he also agree to things like the TLMC or other forms of nuclear? Well, the sentence you just said says, and which suggests that he would do all of those things, are evidence that the current subject of controversy in negotiations between the president and Congress in terms of nuclear retreats. Can you just explain why this system now is more to Congress than anything else? Because our evidence is descriptive of the current back-and-forth bargain, which is about the slick and end. It was a key issue in the NDAA. And then what is on the mind of the North Korea? Yeah, I know. But then the NDAA also caught further in the equivalent of nuclear in the US. Do you have this chain? Um, not this one, but Texas. No, it's not going to go on. Uh, what is that? What's that? It's too weird. Uh, Jeremy just takes a minute to go about climbing tomorrow. Uh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Well, this one doesn't happen. Really? Yeah. They have to drive blue, climbing, wall, and candles, and what do you want? Really? Yeah. You get them too. I think you get them too. Oh, I think they're rock climbing? I dealt with a rock climbing, um, especially. Uh, but I don't know the state of Gregory Jim and they're rock climbing wall, or like, uh, a one-way-down, a one-way-down in Tower Jim and Texas too. The dark region is one of our deeply scary-looking. We have this recruited at police. Well, I don't mind if they're three and a half-ways because they were their own Jim. They don't use the- The three are still at the house. I'm sorry. Jim said. This is fun. Yes. All right. The order is stability, relations, T, the advantage counterplan, the conventional ship VA, the SLCM, NBA, and N and the SLCM. One, two. Still there, relations. One, two, three, and T, and one, two, three, and nine. Yep. Are we good? Cool. I didn't really know or should I uh, I was about to say you're not, technically that could not happen to the type of people in terms of other people in your condition. Things are happening to the state of Paris. I've written about our commitment, I'm not going to do this, but I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. And I'm going to talk with you. It's off. I'm going to put city. Oh, you might have father on arts. Yeah, but you took me back to the building. I'm going to get the idea where I can fit this right here. You like to see. There areagVoice Chatham of Police. It replication is given up. I'm going to fit it. See how it gotrowned up. The first such bilateral agreement would be between the United States and China. Each would agree not to initiate nuclear use against the territory or armed forces of each other. This is talking about country bilateral and that is certainly one example of a specified interview that Elman indicates. But also the line you read just proves what you just said. It's just that you literally said has to cover a geographic region in that one. Well, yeah, but then it goes on to be like that geographic region would be another... Yeah, that geographic region can be done by one. And does not say that that is the only instance of a geographic region that can be specified. Okay, do you think that this card gives an example of an alternative geographic region? Or like, oh, it says geographic region. You think the Arctic Circle is a geographic region? Okay. And it doesn't need to enumerate every single topical affirmative. The... The Arctic line's bad turn on the counter-plan. One, do you think the F-salt's this? Yes. Two, why is it not a double term with the relations advantage? It's an advantage to the relations advantage. It's an internal link to Russia-China alliance in the 1AC deficit of F-salt. And it's an internal link. Okay, so this card is Russia-China-Stabilizing. Okay, I was like... Okay. Okay. The Slick-A-N, you said it is inevitable stabilizing and it replaces destabilizing weapons. Why does that not zero of the US-Russia-China effect? I'm confused. But like trilateral destabilizing nuclear war impact from the 1AC. You said the Slick-A-N is inevitable and destabilizing. Why does that not take that? It's not in the Arctic. Like, what? The cards that you have read are like, it stabilizes great power relations between the US-China-China. And we've got a bunch of cards on the money side about how the Arctic is weak as a hot spot. Okay. Katiq, this McGee Evans. I would appreciate getting this whole question now without being interrupted. This card says that we should do unrestricted criticism, compare fictions, and do not need to discuss the quote, formal agenda, because we cannot access the levels of power of government. Why is this an affirmative problem? Okay. If we can't access the formal levels of government, it is a reasonable and it's made it just a game. Right. And this card says it is a game in which we should compare fictions of absolute fictions. Why is this a- Which is like the theodic fiction of the plan. Right. I'm confused why this does not take out arguments you have made about the alternative to solving, or not being pragmatic. Wait a minute. We think our fiction is better than yours. Okay. So, it's just one- Okay. Okay. Also, like I don't understand. Like this card basically says, even if there's no one-to-one correlation in advocacy, fiat is still available at its- The thing that we should do is- And so it is not a double turn with what we said about how your alternative does not solve, because our argument is the alternative may not spill over either. Your very questions are that the different causes more stuff like this scenario. Nuclear or rearmout of the country is how does that happen with the alternative? Conditional arms? Yeah. Yeah. You're like a conventional war starts. How does it look? No. It seems like there are WMTs. Huh? Wait. Okay. This little bit more does not say other WMTs girl. It says other countries would re-proliferation. The counter-perth-the counter-perth-the alternative disarms nuclear weapons. How does that happen? Well, so it actually answers like the thesis. It says if the world were one big piece curtail, then people would have an incentive to break the whole system. Also, even the opposite world. The rational system- I just said you said that, and if you create the firebreak that prevents nuclear war-wise, the old ones, and all those are created firebreak? Oh, no, no, no. Well, this is the difference. It's because in the world of the alternative, you get rid of all nuclear deterrence whatsoever. Our argument on conventional shift is not like nuclear deterrence does not matter at all. Right. And the community is saying, you're just not having nuclear weapons. What is the scenario for war? It's that everyone gets conventional weapons in response. It kills millions of people because of the war center crisis. And the two-eastern-side extinction outweighs which we are going to conceive, so who cares? I mean, it still kills millions of people, which is all that benefit to the permutation. Uh, uh, uh, extinction is other things. Listen, it's all solving extinction. Plus all solving extinction together with net benefit of solving millions of people dying. Right. It's because we have our power plans. Okay. Uh, eight or five. Eight or five. Did you see a load of military warfare claims? Uh, there we go. Mr. President, the bigger employees were here inORT. Yeah. The question for the audience is, for the three students, whoever are just doing the same thing. Yeah. Yeah, I think that's good. We're at seven. Four to 13. You are 13. Oh, yeah. Oh, yes. There's what you heard. I just used the- Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Keep going. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Congratulations. I have selected the Alias student database. Will you please join us there for free benefits? Yep. Okay. I will organize the Alias system in the Alias spaces. Now which texts do you have to place them down? Well aren't they? If I was the one you want to bring in outcomes? You're not that good. This is one of the Olympic Games courses in Africa. Take your purpose and give a first chance to carry with your arms, all towards the goal of new personability. That is what I said. Twenty-one, the M.P.T. Like the 20-minute pause with the students who go around to the search and send faster to the floor versus the years back to the region for all the parties. For those who go around to the search and send faster to the region for all the parties versus the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, the second chance to carry with the students, the first chance to carry with the students, on the 3D, the average wearing 13 feet, the overall average of 36 feet, the average of 36 feet, once more foragle air, probably one of theFields would have looked at the 3D Wade's 3D bibbles for example. the first chance to carry with the U.S. 3D Wade's first chance to carry with the students, the 3D Wade's fourth chance to carry with the students, we need to take that to carry with the students, the second chance to carry with the students, and turn it over to the others with the attempting to carry with the student because this time it makes sense right now class, but course book date is different. all causes and manage to. There are no such issues, probably military tension, which was on the ultramatic explanation. There are instances that the US excluded Russia because they made a new crime in prison. But the military competition frame is a ruin, because that's why the US and China cannot, the US and Russia cannot be more of a controversy, which was in the ultramatic zone, they can never fall. Yeah. What does planet politics look like? Yeah. So planet politics changes the subject of our debates to being able to deserve the well-being of the planet and also recognizing the transnational impacts of nuclear, the nuclear order, the ways that what like planet politics could manifest in is that it is obviously incompatible with nuclear possessions and like abolition and disarmament would be an example. And then also like it would provide the paradigm shift necessary to what? At the very least, the alternatives of the US, like endorses US disarmament, but like obviously Russia, China, North Korea, North Korea, North Israel, North Israel, North Israel, North Israel, South Israel, South Israel. The answer is like obviously we think that global disarmament is bad. The primary argument is that like at the very least the US and the latterly disarming cells are impacts, but it's not like just who disarms the question of abroad epistemology that should endorse the alternative says that disarmament and abolition relies on logics that are incompatible with an investment in nuclear order and we've proved that- To be clear, you claim that only the alternative results in only the United States is ours. No, no, no, not only like you're kind of missing a point, the alternative is not like a policy of a state disarming. It is an ideology that says that- No, no, no, some of the basis of our particular point. Yeah. Like the reason why this framework is because you can't ask like oh what policy does the US do? It's not a counterplan. You can go and answer it like one. Like it is clearly a broad frame for how we should view security as cosmopolitan rather than national. It says that planet politics recognizes the interdependencies that affect us, which is mutually exclusive with deterrence and investing in an nuclear order because that inherently relies on rep perceptions that are inherently relies on saying oh we would risk annihilating the globe in the name of national security. Sure. How does the cosmopolitan ethic of the alternative result in solving things like climate change? Well, I think the one of these you have read like a great example of how cooperation and cosmopolitanism is necessary to solve climate change. Is it a question? Yeah, I mean yeah. If you're saying the one of these is about cooperation like that. But also the alternative obviously accesses the greater interlinter- resolving military tensions between the US and Russia. Independently planet politics is about acknowledging environmental interdependencies and share vulnerabilities as a result of both the radiation and testing caused by nuclear weapons and broadly the like ecological complex that currently prioritizes wealthy developed countries that mirrors the logic of deterrence that commodifies the globe because it is supposedly an object where we can bargain in the name of national strategy. Sure. Let me see. 10 to 24 servings per percent. Here, that's all right. What's that idea? Yeah. Can you stop? Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. This is the medical pattern. Orstrating. Commercial shift. So, let's go ahead and check. This is going to be like right on the border of two culture. T-shirt and two warmers letter. Uh, never again. Okay. So, let's go ahead and check. Uh, sorry. Adventors, come on. Course trading. Okay. Cool. You You mean when a joke on a new eyeliner? What should the climate we meet? One, they don't, they don't. What do they do? What should we mean? It's a simple yes or question. Can do go around this being used for something. Let's see, if they have something. First you stop that first you shoot. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. First you get first go. We have to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. First you get to know. We need to know. We need to know. First you get to know. We need to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. First you get to know. Fourth opportunity. Third opportunity. Third opportunity. Third opportunity. Third in the two. Third opportunity. Fourth opportunity, Oh, I'm going to get maximum Players of youth in a wide range of Work hours, and people would think he would be male, whereas I would think he would besl jars or female, someone would like a I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. Good. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. Good. I'm going to drop it. Good. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it but I'm in absolutely different Let's skim up that button. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Good, all right. Look at all of the information you made planning. Tip forty3 3.ex Moriarity 3.5 parameters. 1.Six in the Building. If you Want to The chair break the door.iding I have a little C on that. I have a little C on that. What's this graph? I'll just erase your graph. That was on paper. I don't think you get intellectual property claims to erase your graph. I'm just going to take a picture of the tree. Oh, that's why I'm adding those. Oh, that's right. I'm just going to get a picture. Oh, that's like the Romans! Is that why? No. Thank you. Did you press the center? Oh yes. This is fine. We're going to close this thing. Sure. Okay. I'm sending it on. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So there's only a percentage in the body. Yeah. Okay. So that's an additional. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the order is, The order is a very strong stability advantage to relations and then the top ability and then, okay. Just here until the build. He's making notes in slack, so he's wearing a cast paper. I'm just picking a lot of them. Just getting a little too far. No, I'm too much longer. Thank you, though. We really appreciate you joining us. No, I'm sure he's 36, so. And it's not a ball of fun, but he's 36. It'll be forced to be like a ball of fun. Intraceable? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, yeah. Advantage 1 stability, advantage 2 relations, T, K. Okay, except 0arya and you want to see why. You're going to see how we can actually open this. There's hardly much there, but it helps us out here, so we can make the operators . Arab system and say we're going to discuss this? For me, like cyber and if you're out of here, I'd be able to put Christmas on social with explosion studios. What are you, those trouble tables, what are you, those words, what are you, those words, what are you, those words I have here, says that, not your, you have people who are obviously who are at the end of the year, when I want to eat anything, you want somebody to eat something, you want somebody to eat something, no, please search out, please search out, because why the house? Why is it full, this time, and all of them are so open, they can't be found that the least, the entire part of your car car car car car and this is how you can make sense, since there's no return on the best way of research, how you can make it back to the best crash and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, and how you can make it back to the best way of research, because it is quite incompatible with first use of current series, every offense working in this 20th and 70th, because when it ends, the existence of people running in the 20th, and the abuse of the line, which disturbs the ring, and so corporate, the existence of the 13th, and so there's no opportunity cards, so there's only a risk that including the planned superstures, they just aren't moving through to some causes for the threats, or so there are evidence that, or evidence that's caught, until the threats that lead to new certain limited wars, or so, can have a through conventional rearrange, they do nothing to solve visual insecurity, and they're already in the scenario, and they kill millions after they were gone into the plan, and so there's no opportunity cards for the first two, and so there's no friendly and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of scholarship, and so much of hum Millennium to Opportunity as well as towards this kind of one's going to be needed with the area in the neck. The multiple other checks with the transverse, transverse, transverse, and the side of the way engage it. The potential needs to be around the dead, because at least there's no doubt about it, but the atmosphere is so important, the atmosphere is so important, the atmosphere is so important, even if the use starts to when we innovate out of it, with signs of plosites and transphemings, and all of it, even if it's for all the true, the structure of the arc is so peculiar and so forth, but the plan to absorb the ability, so long-term extremely big, if anything is for about anymore, because the causes of the tensed terms will burn, so all of their answers are completely fabricated, all due both to false, first is nonsense, problems that will last, both are happening immediately into single-annabeable, so the existence of the existence of the oath, the oath will grow, but clearly failed, because none of the people's needs are already in this form, but later they won, for the issue for every link he must win a win to the permutation of the plan, to the absent line with the existence of trans, the episode of instance of the NPU, and then that's the first time in the interim measure of the importance of the historical NPUs, now they cancel it, so I can turn one of the proof of understanding the non-proliferation of the NPUs, and then he won the city dollar with the untill of the group, and then he'll turn one of the importance of the orders, and then the whole existence of the whole existence of the whole existence of the notice, and now the existence of the argument used by the case of American ancestry, and none of them just turn on interest, a whole lot of conventional shift, which is precisely our given non-necessarily permutation! So, I'm going to turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and then I'll turn one of the next words, and the next words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, and the next words, and then I'll turn one of the first words, White anyone, white, white, Each white thing, each white thing. That all means I've not scores as far as one. Welcome. Next, our taking NobuM 2021. Character With R It's the critique of the advantage too. Okay, everyone, good? Yeah. Drop it all down the thing, running out of time, so the only thing that turns good is to make sure that they can have truly zero offense on the different order being good and if we, and if we pertain to investing in it there's only a risk that was just better than the permutation that was taught to deny which of my kitchen is worth of gear and it's going to be interlocking new current-calfries, framing each and the way your drop in transclops, especially never looking for a piece of tape and the term is pressed for a choir raising the risk of actually sex flow of us because we're sitting right in conflict, Argentina attacking the book in isolation, and I, cargo crisis, the universal crisis, you cannot roll the job that if you actually raise away all this help because in turn these Canadians that stay in history, all this life in their platforms, who has been made of overall assault in terms of those things that we've ever faced, all this money and turns this on bad and this won't work. All this is held down so this only risk of all which we should reduce the station risk for the district, but also requires many of the nips of health, the cure piece and disre-cutifies violence which is wrong as per the woman's efforts to return to all the same day, right in the income of how this town is likely tech and new or social crisis, glorities to making access to possible votes, that how any of you have actually sold that they cannot win, they win from every time it's only a matter of whether a delicate life-drawn and good cause in the kitchen case cannot add way one research for that. This structure has tried to answer me again and it was more like being called in the kitchen that's actually isolated in terms of the bumper and it's dropped in the one and the one and the one and the two is the question of scholarship and what happens in this round is not a question of any so it seems to be a lot of history but this is our reality and the alternative side, the alternative side, hold this kind of result in a matter of scholarship three, don't drop the oldest one and the oldest one is that the oldest one is not the oldest one, which is important to the per and the oldest, but your heart chances are the premise of the premise of the collective, rather than the national security which is in the capital of the new court order and the position in where you direct new or indirect and redirects energy to the focus on the nature of connected inter-pensities on the planet and this is already an equal of two-dozen now here, but one of these just is the focus of competition, discourse, transforms, the terms that you make, you know, fake disarming art, all things things that have been changed, different from actual deserving than you can tell you because the upper undefine eventually turns into a search and disability, versus the security reject the ask for rational board gaming if there are not any questions of the terms that you can see in your order or any exist, it is inevitable, the reason why we invested in a fundamental element of that, that's what rational and stragging about the through over it is even if you all does not solve the thing, on frame or go on to just the best of the gaming of the new group of all things that we seriously also lose, which was about the drop of the big E of it and the two of the things that we should be social core needs to turn into a cultural, and not the rules, which is the word, and the way we should be about competing in fiction, that we should just learn any argument about how the L is not feasible, that he's faster, because it's about the desirable element of the various political measures and conventionalism, the other element of the other social factors in this, and I'm proud of my mother's note, the fairness and the actual answering other options, there's no internal link that has the least of efforts in New West Canada, and it's probably the right way to explain that we're running things such as the next-time and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world, and the other element of the world is the new world, and they have, and they are, and they are, will never be very important to anyone that's been responsible for brothers and sisters for brothers and sisters and sisters who will also fall in pain and death. They have said military intentional diversity Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Hey. Okay. Uh. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hello. turnover board. Sorry was patient Wag. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Frank? All right. I For her permanent to embrace an arctic and a view of planet politics is the best method for solving their effects of planet politics, because there was Catholic and excellent war in the arctic versus terrific civil aid assets, going to clear the end post Russia to respect the United States to the curiousness of the planet certainly solves their red band, where we have many, it's not a negative part of it, it became the mission of the first-year cross-years in the arctic and in the arguments that the vagueness of American British white policy is a key reason, it does not say the mischievous of all producers, which means that the design of the negative improves, that the permutation of the sufficient assault returns together in the arctic for the planet, as well as everything else would be adopted, the alternative to the permutation, it was not a pursuit, perfectly was new in the situation, the strike-in, the smooth way the car was prevented, was presenting the strength of a first-year cross-years in the arctic, as sufficient assault is first-class in the arctic because we no longer threaten Russians, to turn right now the key power of pre-reversation through the arctic, determines that in the non-minimal position because they have hints to debate on what is not a new sleep system with the planet, the alternative is planned plus any process of disarming new search, choir's course-faring new threat for us uses, it's proven in one's deep cross-examination, when they said, quote, first-strike's turning compatible with the alternative, the sooner we're grandstanding on us continuing alternative makes no sense in our argument, instead the alternative includes the information, the information, the rest of the vein, the line-out line is completely irrelevant because the app is now loosely explicit with the global disarmament, but linked to be proper enough use, the line which is alternative be, and whatever it is described in this necessary code, give the existence of multilateral disarmament because the app's in the planet, politicians, strategists, voters, and after this, we're refused to adopt the alternative, which is the one-air-anglement evidence, the two DC events card, context-wise, this is in the possibility that the alternative has come bad, and indicates that there is, quote, no way whatsoever which any of the nuclear arms states and goes out to indicate an issue with the highest priority for being the alternative about, but if the relinker in this correct alternative is impossible because India, China, and Russia have all, all have, ordered previously added a use which is a job argument in the two-and-a-arrant-be- sentence, choir's not asking when and if you in this short term are going to go, we're going to do nuclear conflicts in the devil now, and the option of the land, gives you the necessary energy to make the alternative successful, the search class is wrong, you can just write about it everywhere else, every stable in the arctic postman, which is, except on the case, the way it links or knocks, the advantages of running the pieces of a wind-term incentive, you're creating energy field, which is explained above, there's no impact on the land, the incredible rush of all over things, we're going to do the guarantees, resolve extinction, yes, the England card, which is an issue at the bottom of the garment, says that it opens the window for political action, which is all explained above, the proof that it actually is an affirmative card now, the firm's heroes are off, it's a sufficient win condition, and solves every that on that's where the UNR is gone, before they get it, be completely right, they both are just unsustainable, the nukes are, you're a new rule, and this task goes, is war with the swish, to all of that is the permutation, even if you have a white investment in terms of the individual risk, it's obviously going to be a problem by the alternative, then quite literally, it limits every nuclear weapon in existence and it's a possibility for nuclear deterrent, second, the threshold for the negative balance of high-re-derivative against the Burmian 3, go here, please explain why a rule is going to end nuclear first use and a rule is going to end nuclear use, it's going to be known at once, you cannot visualize and explain that, set myself with a combination, it fails, you're also going to have three, do not use off its defense, any risk requires an opportunity cost, even if you use off its defense, remember, and they can see that case of all of the enemy, they have agreed that the emergency system has happened nuclear war in the Arctic, so that's an offensive reason why the planet is good, now, and frame, or devalue, because they are really, of the planning, it's a competitive opportunity cost, they've made too many technical concessions to witness to being one, they have dropped the major wrong-intermination, just in each of the planning, include our piano counts, what this means, for the remembrance of the relation, cannot solve any of the critiques that the opposite is still, the odds for a meeting, the counts must be weighed, second, the two hours missed, the mode, they're very good, our irons and nations matter, but very bad, the alternative should not be material, opportunity costs, the plan, the information that's made out of the ground, the soles, or all of them, they are pretty crushing the T-caribisology, as long as they have an alternative, it's an opportunity cost, the plan, they have their role, they have agreed, well, those aren't the good kind of alternative, it was working out, we were able to stick our research projects and debate, they said, sure as if he had a low movement, should have solved their way for her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her and her, it was her, her, her, her, look she, she, so, so, so, so she could just ever believe in it, to whatever, everyone else that brought me in, tryn to think about the, Paul Jones, then we hospitality chat aboutfab BETCHers for the CAW and people it's a concert, so her, he was at bed riding extremely, very proud of it, how gentle the sighting wing was with ice cream getting on, I had to have her lay back when it was a couple times, but the romantic match with their re just boys, their return relief of it, and they dont look for it that different methods of evaluation, no matter, because it makes no difference what we think McGee was not conceited. Obviously our attention to various in class or events is why the negative class have an opportunity cost of a plan, but it doesn't go negative to an egg to an hour or two and see where you come here. And yes, McGee thinks that the very pictures are important for the zossing of these pictures to not require an opportunity cost. After group, the pictures are mutually exclusive. They say our determination is exclusive. That's wrong, the show is that they can't wait the plan which is going through our office. The plan is X may be 10 seconds but you can still burn our office on the object at the end of you alone. They can be critiques as well. And they have some opportunity cost that doesn't address it in the years. Which was in the review process, not the new stats. I always would just want some activity shift. App prep is irrelevant. They dropped that once you, they dropped that once you. Now the rest of this debate is completely irrelevant because the alternative is plan plus and includes the end of the minute. You cannot go through it because of all the unfair rule effects for the means that it's not a competitive alternative. And you know that the case for 100% souls or risk of a nuclear war and that NQ is necessary, great. The possibility of the good old possibility for the alternative to exist in the first place that you must have reported.