 Did anyone not get it? Yeah, but like I'd included everyone on the email. Cool. Okay, everyone again. The United States is a medical plantation. Anti-black experimentation pathology, pathologyization has institutionalized the idea that black women are disposable and unable to feel pain. This logic pays away for state-station murder of black women in both inside and outside the health care industry. Black women are dismisses psychosomatic when they eject harmful treatment. Any object to this violence is diagnosed as drapedomatic and expression of oppositional defiance disorder that will be in a hero's 18. Violence by police against black women is lethal silence about the murders. The points of dying the incorporation of the medical plantation into everyday life meets a history, biographical racialization of the medical plantations or violence. A black female body is the case. These cases are exemplary black women are disposable and whatever injuries onto them serve some necessary and legitimized part of gender sexual racial social order black women. The medical plantation and medical discrimination and medical crime are predisposed to the US population to view black women as everything but objects of human substance structural causes, including mis-black women as unbreakable, superhuman, unable to feel pain. All reflect the black women have been deemed objects for state-pilement, the policies about the black body and pain and the black body and superhuman are central to the cultural norms. The black women have been deemed object to the then this red body and then this red body. that race is not as much of a problem as socioeconomic disparities, lack of resources, lack of resources because black people are crazy. They suffer from dreamt-diminia. Why? Most black people frame everything around race. It's like they're consumed with it every time you get into a conversation about politics. I always drag the discussion to race and blackness. People who suffer from regressive, dreamt-diminia, equate race with every political phenomenon, whereas most white people don't focus on race. Specifically, activism that for France, political agenda, black community is treated as pathological psychosis rather than relieving structural conditions. Black people are encouraged to pull themselves up by their prestress and commit themselves to the political and social institutions in order to cure their dreamt-diminian, become fully functioning citizens at the Petroling River 16. Measuring culture defines racial order by the former madness that is located in the minds of black people delitimizing black protests by labeling its expressions as ADFC is not new white people. A tribute black resistance of various forms of derangedness, stupidity, and psychosis for their effort to delitimize its particular rights of privacy. The history of pathologizing black resistance has a true sense of slavery and new early-in's position introduced draped-diminia. Disease causing slaves to run away, draped-diminia was curable kindness as keeping ones property well fed cloth, providing fuel and have to keep the enslaved woman at night and so forth with the first cry of the end of the go to the disease. In the early 20th century, black resistance was described as a disease of ADFC, terms such as idiom and war on emergency to classify the unit. Those unfit-versific like the delitimization of black protests was again on display in 1968, when the eminent psychiatrist stream a diagnosis of pro-text psychosis of the illness is oriented towards the city, an objection to the accepted superiority of white values, contemporary attempts to delitimize black practices. ADFC reflects the scientific discourse of pathology that has been evident of white critiques of black resistance for decades or hearing that black protest is granted in the psychosis. Precisely what it allows for white people to cite to have the actual content of black activists demands and logics after a diminia extend to punish black people in academic spaces, even debate, any attempt to move outside of the boundaries of normal behavior was met with either fake niceties or outright hostilities. Addressing this pathologization requires exposing the terms of normalcy that under a current expectation of sub-students and academic sets, pal 99. Higher education is helped to create a pathological myth about African-Americans, the oppressors having convinced themselves that normalcy of their pathological views have fostered a haqueous and among African-American students, normalcy has always been assumed by the oppressor as a given in their minds normal as to how they view and identify themselves. So if you're not fit, the oppressor's definition of normal or considered abnormal, that pathological normal came to designate conformity to be normal, to be healthy and to finance, oppressors, the oppressors have turned higher education normalizing enterprise-justice physicians pathologized to patient educators are actively pathologizing African-Americans and higher education to finance education has the authority to label the oppressor's reality as normal and thus legitimate, while declaring the other reality such as African-Americans as abnormal and thus illegitimate, the education refuses to recognize the legitimate anger and frustration of African-Americans by labeling the reactions as abnormal, Thomas and Solan have argued that the African-Americans' anger is a sign of health, not pathology, the oppressor's mindset cannot grasp or fully comprehend what is healthy about the African-American reaction to their labels in order to survive the black, mean and women have led to the cultural paranoia, which every white man and woman is potential and unless they personally find themselves that differently, and oppressors' oppression, the oppressors' institutions of higher education are able to analyze their unethical racist beliefs into finding ways of defining normal and the legacy of the plantation and infiltrates the university, structure of the anti-flightness manifest itself through a process of forces that forces black people to assimilate themselves to white values and white methods of learning that's 2016. Across schools, across the country, students of color are showing an endless, institutionalized racism and creates emotional distance between them and their white peers, the basic assimilationist offer that schools make to black so you can be valued and rewarded in school and society, but you must first call a master of the culture, and the ways of the American mainstream, since that mainstream as it is represented is essentially white, and this means that you must give up any particular to being black value priorities, preferences, at least in the way the mainstream settings to voice concern, to coin the term in the concept of double consciousness words, whereby black people are essentially forced to have two identities, pressure to view themselves, both view themselves that they're perceived, whether or not black peers is a psychology, can create a unique circumstance reflection in today's psychology, some researchers are, you may even lead to mental health problems, mental health problems that go on notice, and challenging institutional norms in higher education is a prerequisite to how that skills are obtained. The concept of a chili climate in higher education context has been used to describe the experiments of assumptions of women, and people of color can represent a nice way to say this is racism, sexism happening here, but you have to tolerate it, a cultural climate can be chili yet manageable, sustainable, and slightly uncomfortable. The concept can show some images of the exemptions, as certain levels of racism and sexism that in and of itself represents a problematic, it's important to not to acclimate or accept or to or accept a chili climate, especially to achieve represents racism, sexism, and systematic oppression, the better social justice oriented approaches to it was as the analyzed work, and challenge for improvement at least, the practice and self-defense from that uncomfortable cultural climate concept that addresses the sexist racist actions, and then personal marginalized groups, perceive within their higher education journeys that concept represents equally traveling, partially harmful effects, effects experienced by some women, and people of color and environments that are skillful in the order of maintaining the scope, and but affirmative to endorse epistemic disobedience and debate answer, and foussure 17. Here it is where it feels a little play the game in their anticipatory, Tory regime in order to enlarge in the space for emergence of laboratory alternatives, it's demand of epistemic disobedience, it's an honor skill that can be learned through demonstrating progress, we're concerning the standardized learning, it requires unlearning, we're just precisely required for inclusion and success in the system at epistemic disobedience, it's a definitive rejection being told from the epistemic privileges, it's a zero point about what we are and what we have to do to recognize in such and efforts to combine black politics and conformity with the conventional liberal politics as a part of an agenda for pathologization that must be rejected, that's hasn't hockered 17. Western normative presuppose universal western Palestinian race as a exception to the normative black, nor a black radical tradition, privatized as the idea of western normativity, conceptualizing race as a constitutive, the epistemic western normative culture, political and educational activities by a black population have been deemed a contaminant of the legitimization of US democracy, black protest movements, draw attention to the unfinished project decolonization, decolonization of black lives, a common western normative critique that is rage, that is that black rage is counterproductive and needs to be disciplined, black politics points to the futility of directing active is the towards a regime fendinon exclusion and violation of blackness of poverty, of the political imagination inhibited by inclusion within existing structures, means the foreclosure of more radical vision by acceptance of the quo and rights and political possibility moved beyond the state as a frame for transformative discourse and mobilization re-emigrating the subversive practices of black culture to coflibate more emancipatory transformative political imagination. Such reforms, black political activism, toward the Western state toward safeguard, and rights have been denied limitations have been exposed by protest of black movements being political black activism, creates face to articulate emancipatory forms of activism. Thank you. You should. You should. No, that's not an important question. Okay, gross. So, no. You good? Okay. Actually, the last sign of the party in red is that black political act is the increased conceptual space for a big, really more emancipatory forms of black activism. You described it that looks like. Yeah, so our argument is basically the way that debate has gone about throughout this year and throughout the season has been in relationship to a presumed normalcy about what is, what this debate should be about. So, do you think that breaking those things is important? We think that there's a pathologization. You're going to replace some more? Well, I mean, the protest of the act, right? So, our argument is the pathologization of what it counts as legitimate and what counts as an argument. Yes, so you say what we have been doing so far, we protest that, what should we be doing? The point of the act is that it's not up to us to make a universal prescription of what one ought to do, our argument. Yeah, we sort of prescribe what we should be doing in the beginning. To affirm the epistemic disobedience of the act. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Sure. Is there, like, any argument we could make that wouldn't cast the one AC as illegitimate? I mean, you could protest, protest, and you will. So, then you would say that the rules of the game should apply and we would say that the rules of the game should not. So, you can make arguments that the rules of the game should apply. But you don't think that the rules of the game should apply, then you shouldn't be playing the game. No, sure, look at that. But then you're saying you are the interpretive. You're going to tell these parts of casting the one AC as illegitimate, it's bad. We just broke a new aff, we're not going to give you the case-neggin cross-ex, dude. But there is, I mean, there is an... One question, and yeah, you can keep going. Well, I mean, I think that's what we were saying is that the epistemic disobedience of the act is significant. I'm obviously being spoken in cross-ex because, as Will said, we shouldn't have to give you the one AC in the one AC, but we do think that this is a particular form that's particularly important in debate when debaters are getting out, irrational, crazy, you don't go for counter-plans, people don't see your arguments. The question that I was asking is basically, what is all this offense about why it's bad to cast these illegitimate? And then you just sort of said, like, framework doesn't cast these illegitimate, and it just depends on rules of the game, and it's like a regular disagreement. What do you mean? You just said, like, if you defend the rules of the game, that's not casting the one AC's illegitimate. Well, no, the rules of the game, what is perceived as normal in this flow? I think that there's an important portion of the one AC, which is the part where I said the debates that have gone out throughout the year. I actually can't preant the one AC, but I can say that we've debated a couple times this year. And what is presumed... What is presumed normal now? Well, we can say that it is... We are saying what is pathologized in debate, I don't even know, depends what's not... I don't know if that was a bad word, but anyways, what's not normal as well. So we can say the fact that, you know, the idea of what arguments I cannot go for, or the idea of what teams I should or should not coach, the idea that when we re-sort an argument, it's right in a certain line... So we go for theory argument. We never really read a theory argument, or hardly fucking ever. What is the reality of an AC, that's... A firm is that the stomach disobedience, that that pathologization is bad. I don't think that this... I think that you're not understanding, I'm a very basic bitch, because your arguments are very basic bitch. So our argument is that the way that you have... And the larger community itself has engaged in regards to black people, ignores that you have the right to protest, and that protest should not be apologized. We ignore that. So, I think we need to know that some of these issues are going to be a bit... Sorry, I didn't mean to get that right. Some of these issues are going to be a bit... Sorry, I didn't mean to get that right. Some of these issues are going to be a bit... Are you looking at what Seniors or Seniors do at your home? There are two Seniors for the person. I just want to make sure that I'm seeing everything on that you can find. I'm in Seniors, but I really need to see this as a show, but it's fine, but just you can keep saving it's a nice, I just rename it again and delete it. You should still do that. You should still do that. Two, two then case. Two then case. Two then case. You're good? You're good? First of all, the United States Federal Government means three branches. So, the United States Federal Government is the most of three branches. The second is the N Judicial National Health and Church of Christ National. It means the financing of health care will also need a National Health and Church of Christ. It means the collection distribution of funds to providers to defrain expenditures for health care. I did not read Krieger, Jones and King and Washington. Was that proper process? That's a little crap going. I'm just dealing with this. 939, sorry. What happened? I just wanted to ask that question. So that's the one question you want. Oh, he's probably going to ask that. Okay. Let's start with the critique. What did the 180 do? 180 do to come on 9 flag as far as I guess? Which card are you talking about? The Wendy Brown card. Oh, the Wendy Brown card. So I don't actually think that's the link to the Brown evidence. I did say that, so he made this point. Yeah. Yeah. So the link to the Brown evidence is basically that the 180's politics is akin to one of refusal or sort of episomic disobedience, disruption, and so on. But it sort of gives up on the institutional and programmatic imagination of thinking of what a good institution would be, what a good set of social norms would be to govern human behavior. And so the 180 says, let's just sort of disrupt those norms and see what happens. The part of the Wendy Brown. And let's talk about this in the context of the Fisher evidence. How does it re-confirm the failures of the left or I guess what does it like to debate? I don't even know if it's a single one, but what does it mean to turn to base the vampires capital? Basically, so the vampires castle is actually the control of academia by capitalist vampires. And so the Fisher evidence relationship to the Wendy Brown card is to say that the problem with the left is that they've given up on the sort of practice of institutional imagination in favor of sort of moments of localized spectacular resistance. So there's a part of the brown card where Wendy Brown talks about reworking our politics into a negative form of action, a kind of imaginary revenge, where we explain what we are disrupting without explaining what we build in the wake of that disruption. And Fisher talks about that as a, like in the example of explaining why parliament is doing something bad, but refusing to articulate what parliament is good. So wait, are you saying that resisting something before we say what comes to act is good or bad? We're saying that you should also have a sort of programmatic vision for how society should be organized, and it's very important for the left to think about that. Okay, and who gets it a term and not determine like what that vision would look like? We should collectively negotiate it. Okay, collectively negotiate it. So we have presented what we think that vision should be and that is oriented towards communism. Okay, really quick question, Mike N. Patty, but what are you doing next year? Me? Yeah. I'm a student. Yeah, no. Very human. Yeah, sorry, human. Oh, I don't know yet. I haven't like taken a job or anything. I'm not the only one you might work for head fund. That is a possibility. It's one that I'm like increasingly leaning against because of what we're saying this year. Yeah, because of the process that you've made in the communist party. I guess I'm curious. No, but because of the stuff that I read this year, the classes I've been taking and so on have made me pretty hesitant about that. And so I'm sort of leaning against doing that, trying to find something else to do. I'm sort of leaning against here and we will be able to figure out. But I guess, when do we contextualize what is, or who do you think in the slow controls who is normal in debate? And cross-executive identity will probably be, what do you think? What's important on a poor head? Hey. Well, no, that's just, I think that one of the questions is going to work. I don't know how this is going to work. Can someone have an extra timer? Yeah. Thanks a lot. It's hard, guys. I guess the slow controls would work here. The numbers are a racebook. One, two, three. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's going to be case framework than the CapCat. There will be a short overview on the case. Is it going to go? Okay. Oh, you guys we've made money. You see here the French you put on bands, you just put on추, so we have something that didn't start, but of course these are held by our newspaper. So we have money trophy money, right? Just an馬上, right? We have money money, a little bit. Excuse me ther radical. So what is the process by which the affirmative and domestic community should be pathologists be pathologists black threat? Epistemic disobedience. What is that? Walk me through how that path pathologist black threat? Sure. The piece of Hess and Hogue evidence and the one right before that in the 1AC say that there are certain dominant epistemological missions that are circulating within academia that actively pathologize blackness and are refusal to engage in those particular discourses into break the rules of that form of academia. Where did you break? Well, the norm. Right, the norm, or yeah, rule is in norm. So the norm we broke is that we are refusal to pathologize blackness in terms of black protest in terms of drapedomania or idiopathology etc. The rule of debate is that you have to treat black princess. No, no, no, no, it's a norm in academia. But we think that by selectively enforcing rules, you have actively pathologized the 1AC. Which is an independent reading to- Would you be by selectively enforcing what rule could be not enforced? Well, we think that your enforcement of a topicality requirement is not a neutral kind of gesture towards the 1AC. What? What were you saying we don't enforce it again? Well, I, selected might be the wrong word. Are you in a- We're editing this here in Hague now when you're at the public room. Well, I mean- That was a realization. No. No, because the social context of those two things are extraordinarily different. It's not- I hate to say this, but you're being extremely reductionist. It's not just like you- We break the rule, you break the rule, or what- What we consider, like what's the norm, or what's not the norm. Our argument that what gives you neatness to the argument is throughout the year, the way that the discussions around not only black debaters, but about black debate itself, and the relationship to the topic has been pathologized. The idea of the perception throughout the years of- I mean, last year's any tea champion, what we consider to be legitimate argument if I go out into debate. Well, our argument is that the 1AC is, I guess in broad term, a form of protest that kind of protestes the social conditions that the fellow- as blackness within debate. I'm sure enough to hear why the norm that you chose to bring is the one that asks you to talk about. Because we think that the kind of context of the dominant discussions of the resolution this year is the thing that provides uniqueness to the importance of our discussion. Like, JJ, do you consider a wooden- The telling activists, for example, that you can engage, that you've decided, for example, to show to debate. If you decided to show to debate, you decided to keep the speech says, if you decided to break this rule, then your shitty activists should agree to all norms. Yeah, no, I'm just saying, like if you can select it, because it's what I decided to fucking do, because my name is no, because I can decide which things I think are good, and which things I decide, I think are fucking bad. And the idea that I have to tell, by black, yeah, it is my problem. That's the point of the 1AC. But I'm asking you how that solves anything about your arguments regarding the opposition. Because black people are pathologized in the quo and forced to engage in particular. Do you want to hear it? This is a little weird an you make sure that the cat is turned off and whatever you want to do. No, we are just going to upload and where you are going to say it's wrong. But what's your question? Alright. Yeah, I'm just, my computer's being weird. Oh, I found it. It just started. I don't know if I can make it. The order is case and then the case. Will you get that? I'm just using a plot. in the game. Everyone good? Giving black folks health here would have we beat a lot of balanced political changes unpredictable. The problem with assigning prerequisites to giving politics is that the barrier to political activism never quite disappeared and it inevitably becomes a way of rationalizing inactivity even if we can't get rid of the idea of the black folks or crazy as a dominant trope of the until society is still worth aligning yourself with the political program, the material alleviates the suffering of black folks that arise from the lack of resource access. It is not true that the trope of Germania inevitably frustrates, movements for change, for example, the will be who are in evidence we read, the one in C talks about George Simkin's activism and agitation in favor of the Supreme Court case for hospital desegregation the decrease of death caps like giving black folks access to better, funded hospitals, the affirmative by contrasts and really solve anything of the sort because it assumes the troubling the coherence of something equates with tearing it down that's simple disobedient springs about the set of institutions that we ought to have. We all know that capitalism and racism exist on a huge set of contradictions. The question is how we ought to politically orient ourselves so that we can take advantage of this. This means a history of medicine is not just as one big plantation, there were moments of care and progress and regress that depend on a particular institutional backdrop, which is why it would be an ought to be inside of institutional analysis and which we can come together informally, particular political programs for advancing those things. The one thing is ultimately aligned against those commitments in favor of epitomic disruption. Yes, the one thing you could technically allow something like single peer health care but our burger evidence is what you should cross by here. It says this inevitably results in an infinite deferral of politics. We always say yes technically, it is consistent with what we've said but we can never recognize those programs as adequate or worth pursuing until we've done the prerequisite. Our point is that the one you see does not break down the prerequisite. It still remains an operative normal politics but that prerequisite becomes an excuse for political and activity. They're pretty. Customists and refusals of pragmatic, safe, basic purchase for fighting racism are mostly successful because they fulfill. I need to rationalize our investment in the status quo. They've advocated a number of important political commitments with the faith that sort of resistance will under destruction alone will take care of the problem which they pseudo active vision of politics that only locks in the status quo. Prefiguration is good and this is a thesis claim that all of these two AC cards have missed. They've basically searched all of our authors within ten words of the word pathology and found a secondary article about it. That is basically considered the thesis of most of these cards. The central task of left ought to be prefiguration. The refusal of the one you see to take a stand on the world we want, the set of social norms that we should have is not simply a missed opportunity but the logical result of their politics which they defensive reaction to instrumental control. That basic assumption about the failure of political engagement creates self-fulfilling prophecies by constraining the horizon of politics which displaces radical world-transferming desires in favor of sort of ineffective and feel-good tactics which creates a perverse reputation that inevitably invests in failure as political activists that leaves us incapable of forwarding truly egalitarian social transformations that result in all or nothing politics that subjective purity demands which undermines any contingent or interim measures for improving the world that walks in capitalists in which why you ought to center. Communities need to be metered for political change which involves forwarding political proposals to relents of acts of commitment to equality that involves prioritizing creating to the creation of certain kinds of subjects and social assemblages that are most capable of finding racial capitalists in the impact is ecological disaster, perpetual or in global poverty. All of this are anti-black but there are also external impacts. The one you see is not attempted to theorize level one. Respond to your class is the only universalizable political foundation that's adequate to the scale of our impacts. Anything else extends neoliberal social reproduction creates perverse. Adabtments and subs which violently polices the boundary of identity and defuses necessary solidarities. It also causes more anti-blackness, deterrence, respectability politics which is based on a fundamentally classistic vision of civic life among aristocrats that takes on a racial dimension through the divide and conquer logic of capitalism which creates investments in particular racial identities in order to fracture the working class and prevent collective proletarian resistance to the private ownership of capital. The one that has been in the past is the one that has been in the past. Good. I want to start on that kind of last line of argument about linguistic politics. The judge has concluded that your particular capitalism was correct. But in the tune art you said the N word should you win the debate. We have to win that it's not as bad as the N word. I guess how is calling black people blood-sucking vampires? The vampires are the capitals who control academia. Fisher goes on a weird rant about white Twitter leftists who are critiquing communists. That is not you and we are not saying that you did or in the way of castle analogy. The analogy is that academia is a vampire castle where the app fails to break down. The idea that if this is pulling the quote unquote race car regardless of the fact that it creates this another debate. It's no interesting. Like you keep there's a politling or at least a visual politling, a certain argument that the affirmative is going to say. The affirmative has made and maybe I'm just reading certain judges incorrectly. But I just mean to say that like when is the threshold for you said something violent and when do we get the term that you said something violent or when do you get to re-clair? To what extent can you re-clair? We should debate about those things and we should talk about whether the re-clairification is an accurate description of what we said. You get to say shit in the morning and see if we were like that was offensive. You get to say well first of all it wasn't offensive. Even if I don't win my apology I should just still win that he was a procedural. I get to test some racist shit out before I decide what I want to go for. We don't think the Fisher evidence is racist. You're fair taking lines. You're going to fly to the one you see. Well that's kind of our fault. I want to sort of look at the kind of ability to explain great comedian. This was kind of like in the Q&T. Is it just before you gave just like proper mode of men people wanted to keep slaves. So they made up excuses when people left. Yeah it's sort of a wave denying humanity to slaves and therefore denying a set of political and economic rights. Sorry. What is about a nine-man? Like personhood the set of obligations that comes with interacting with another person. Okay. So during dominion applied to people who led captivity or led captivity. Once that profit is lost, why is it necessary for slave masters to be followed? Basically we're saying that the history of racist medical diagnoses of slaves was a technique of capital to make a difference. They've already lost that profit. If the slaves have already escaped captivity, what benefit do white slave masters have in diagnosing and pathologizing? I mean if it's just about profit. Sure. I get that question which is why you should look at the cell card we read which says the capitalism literally creates racist desires among people. Or really create power. Basically it creates investments in one's identity as the source of security. Are you a fractured fellow? Sorry. You were green, not yellow. No, yeah, green. Oh, okay. Yeah. But so it creates investments in those sort of fixed identity structures, the matrix of identity upon which capitalism distributes difference, is a means of fracturing the working class of curlitarian resistance and legitimizing the economic set. So, let's go. Actually. Okay. So, I will be talking about T. Okay. Is everyone good? Yeah. Your decision has to answer two questions. First, what is the impact of having no interpretation that limits the topic on debates in second? What is the role of debate in the first place? Only our impact was supported by a plausible theory of debating the first place. It's not good for making us loyalty in particular content, for political organization, or for altering your subjectivity, debating sister technique that doesn't commit us to any single system of ethics or activist strategies across the conceptualizing and engaging argument that's valuable. For two reasons, first is competition if their interpretation can't reconcile with some semblance of bounce competition you should vote negative because that if fundamental level debate is a game in games or still if they don't have boundaries in one side. Can't win change the topic post-factors, looks at a huge upside by the standards because the reason we spent so much time preparing for traveling to debates is because it has intrinsic competitive merits to make it seem worthwhile. Only we have an account of strategy competitive merit inevitably matters to people in education and practice is not the end all be all because strategy always asserts itself even if good debates can happen under altering divisions of the topic. Strategic incentives are inevitable and create general norms that push the afterwards obvious true is almost because there's an incentive to revise out anything contestable after you lose to it. It's better to channel those towards an agreed upon status point both to improve the quality of conversation to help us arrive in actionable strategies for resisting oppression their choice to break a new affinative debate where we're forced to go negative proof that strategy always fears its head, it can't just be about education or community building or any other impact because there's strategic choice obvious all these other concerns. Second is research, translational debates, focused research on the research and specific points of difference which encourages teams to develop third and fourth line responses to arguments and strategic process makes it makes new and interesting. That's more exciting that judge and has a significant pedigal to go value and training has to think of through the other side arguments and rigorously vet our own positions there. Interpretation, explocal limits, it's under encourages teams to research interesting wanting seats for the affirmative but absolutely to direct to the negative that don't engage the nuances and push us to the margins of the literature. Research turns our education off into makes us worse scholars and academics. They do not have a candidate interpretation. You should not allow a new one in the one year because of its changes that we just shaped our blocks. It just means they are committed to a totally unlimited topic that has absolutely no boundaries. They can create newness at the beginning of the debate, which is strictly benefits them results in a sale repetition of the same tactical situations in every 200s. Also, a reason non-topical new apps are avoiding you should because the top possibilities are totally unbounded and none of our pre-round preparation is useful at all. You should think of T as a critique of their refusal to open their protest strategy to testing that shuts down all politics. Advocates have to make assessments while political trade-offs come to conclusions about serious solutions to challenging problems but the entire framing of the two issues that argues disagreeing with the opposite form of a thought decision makes any disagreements about activists. If possible, think of yourself as people adding meeting for a protest. If you come to a protest with a showing up without any knowledge of what that meeting will be about, how can you come to any sort of conclusion about what that pro-kind of protest would be used to presume their method fails unless it can be subjected to scrutiny. There is no internally. So, in the case against Topcowdy, obviously the aff impactor in Topcowdy argument does not make much sense. You should obviously vote for us if the norms that we have presented are good for debate. If we present it, impacts that. That way, any of the reasons any of their impactor in our arguments Topcowdy is not an effort to silence people you should think of as a critique of their particular strategy. Our protest disagreement is not exclusion thinking of debate in this way is incredibly violent because it means that every decision you render is a form of exclusion of people every time you disagree with somebody else's argument. You are excluding them or negating them as an individual which is a totally untenable form of debate and mixes. If possible for us to have any kind of engagement and is that it's impacted in, the overview procedural fairness should be preserved. It's the only impact your ballot can solve. It's really weird used to be. Take correct structural unfaireness to make some better really violent activity because your ballot becomes exclusively. Every friend of mine, people's people's social location who is more privileged, demonstrated their model really pushes it totally. In coherent model of political decision making the voters and evidences wrong about procedural fairness and game playing. It's not rooted in whiteness and that's uniquely true for debate. It's not an attempt to preserve structurally unfair society but you. Most key because you cannot resolve that with your ballots. You should name for a positionally balanced playing field. Their vision of debate puts everyone on a privilege matrix and it involves it to you. For the less privileged person that forces messed up decisions about who is more or less oppressed that you should not participate in. If that's the model of decision making then you should. You have to make assessments about how he met the liar treated as Indian nation debaters called out as shifty and disingenuous or called us the model minority said his perception. We have to comment its value. Try to weigh those implicit biases because this necessarily involves deep prior to a kind of racism. Again, someone else is kind of racism. Winds don't really matter. Accomplish anything meaningful. Redistributing winds towards KU. We won't do anything to remedy structural unfaireness but it will actively evacuate any potential for radical anti-capitalist organization in this space or any kind of movement building. Within this forum truth testing argument it's not pathologistation debate is a competitive game and there is a needed to be skeptical of your opponents arguments. Otherwise any disagreement is impossible if you come to the table just accepting your opponents arguments as presumptively true that it's impossible to come to any conclusion that builds third and fourth line research or third and fourth line argumentation on a particular question. Topicality is not an ever-like authorization they can explain why we read topicality gets like the employer mandate for the public driving insurance app which are not pathologist and goes affirmative. We're just saying they're not part of the limited vision of the topic. Also the Ministry of Topicality is a proper negotiation where you can read different interpretations but that means that both sides have a table and have a process of determining what kind of topic is best for debate but they have not read a counterinterpreting so I'm not sure what offense they could go for on that question. On that question now the topical version of the F if we win it it means the F is an offense against T is not a violent attempt to exclude or an instantiation of anti-blackness because the exclusions are limited topic creates for close radical thought we didn't have to win that they solve perfectly to demonstrate that parts of the one EC could be solving its evasion for your up debate with arguments that solve different aspects of the case to varying degrees and imperfections are just negative ground there are many strategies that black folks who utilize to pursue epistemic disobedience that challenges the norms of the status quo the one EC has presented that one of the norms of the status quo is pathologistizing black protest through trepidimini their evidence demonstrates that race based disparities in healthcare are a norm that emerged from things like paradise healthcare systems or violent legal structures that encourage doctors to behave in a racist manner doctors are patients atop of the version of the affidavit guarantees healthcare for black folks deliver by black doctors that would disrupt that norm powerfully they can teach you legal changes that right for structures into particular of particular interactions with patients that can challenge the way that these disparate impacts exist now when the affidavits or deans and critiques make framing arguments about the importance of epistemic disobedience is challenging the norms of status quo healthcare debate debates are not still thinking about single fear we had a great debate against KU in the prelims where we had an in-depth discussion about the mechanism of reimbursement for particular services and it was a new and interesting debate TST to unfamiliar perspective otherwise it is impossible for us to disagree to love interesting one EC's and one EC's but no interesting but also as a TAPV is not pathologist in the affirmative to some alternative way to engage in protest the affirmative sensitivity is shaped the medical plantation of the shape the medical plantation of epistemic disobedience is necessary as well as the power of evidence both shape the way that we should understand epistemic disobedience is a means to identify from existing norms in order to create a possibility of accepting black any type of black protest without the need of pathologization that it existed historically we can think about in the context of BLM in relationship to flora or the relationship between black debate and the ability for black debaters in order to establish arguments we'll talk about a couple seconds but the offense that they read on the frame of the offense they read on single pair go the permutation obviously solve because the affirmative says that health activism is different for different people that people should be able to express their desires for health activism in different ways which is the reason why BLM is pathologized in different ways then other movements were health and this quote here shows a few of the ways on the top of mind pathologization works in the way we should be able to do it and we should be able to do it and we should be able to do it and we should be able to do it and we should be able to do it and we should be able to do it and we should be able to do it and we should be able to do it and we should be able to do it and we should be able to do it and we should be able to do it and to let Jidim into what is breaking their game to be quite honest. The idea that I have to sit here now in front of White Menon on the panel and likely thinking office as a reductionist. I hate this. What if Turner is fine? Knowing Fifelski not by my might not be a fan of this argument. Who's going to find her argument reductionist with listening to me, etc. I got the cochlea but I can only imagine what white people in the room are thinking. Wow. This argument of someone new on some basic. Wow. Robert is going to cramp them. All of our arguments about what to be are the idea of to be being pathologizing. The idea is it possible that we write this argument to point out how reductionist humans arguments are in every two and C and two and R against black people quite possibly. We can respond what we want to read and when we want to read it in the negative has demonstrated why the one A C in our former protest is necessary in her factory because it highlights some of the things assumed about debate that we don't think it's good. Offends on both flows apply to the others because they perform pathologization. You can't reconcile the links we have to the right of capitalism and can't go further critique without well because we want to teach the way that their pathologization attempted to script black activism. Okay. Go on to teach. The affirmative is applied from the resolution to haking refuge from the masters of the study. It's of all blackness harbors entire strategy relies on pathologization applying to say probably gets served to media. They're appeal to predict abilities in attempt to make slaps also in order to force and force punishment based on arbitrary scenes of resolution inquiry that they pathologize in the one A C in several ways. First the disagreement might not be exclusion but weaponizing fear is exclusion. There are lines on a first-year resolution to exclude academic protest and pathologization which outweighs any counterattribution and explicit effort to silence the voice of black women and say that I can only speak in the manner in which the primarily white community they depict the topic told me to speak it as an effort to punish me because it is non-conforming to white norms that new effort commit the new effort. The new effort, the new office plate and pathologization every time they read a new plan text against test they don't disclose it and that's fine but the same as black divinner tries to read a new effort immediately unfair and about a voting issue reject them for the song of argument. The fairness argument fairness is pretence and neutrality to make a historic ignorems of whiteness out of exude of black people for the years of Wilders and Evidence as black people who try and deviate from norms of institutional debate are immediately pathologized. This may teach debate as a white fantasy space and may teens witness and those pathologies debate as unfair now black people are because of pathologization black and debaters is aggressive and unintelligible means we have to work twice as hard as other debaters to get to square one I think I explained that on the case made to truth testing argument is pathologization it criminalizes black debate as a vice-devil there are arguments should be used in false and less they are in line with the topic the F is a poor biotech why this health literature they're choosing to engage it is not a choice it's a choice my consequence of the act traditional policy teens with new plan are deviator not criminalized in the same way the five divinner do they need to test if they need to test some black flesh and take it if the medical plantation will be hard evidence so that the construction of the current it low-sipolitics relies on black flesh and the medical plantation on protectability is good the overwhelming link but are overwhelmed the overwhelming majority of debates on the topic have been the single pair efforts as a e-condism uh states can't explain which of you on sale in a tree limited so I sell the literature based on health insurance a teacons turns case they could have made arguments about why episodemic disobedience failed or counter theory of drifty media we didn't force you to call me a part of so cheater zero they're called they're called uh there are other things that you could say their personalifics argument doesn't come too close to you during the arguments and it's lately offensive but a affirmative because our argument is in both affirmative because I'm black we have a method of delegitimizing protest go to the counter or the tv8 that's telling us protest is good but you're doing it wrong pathology that's pathology station that's a pellow what's evidence single pair debates would avoid discussions about drifty media because the state's priorities from three both the acting for schreiben mode of politics and said nobody could engage in politics with that nobody should engage in anti-capitalist movements all says was that patholizing alternative mozzarella system is fat that means that the permutation is all better than the ultimate military evidence says that the checkerman's right-hand left a k the negative pathologenesis identity politics is being irrational this seems the alternative one means that norms of inclusion is necessary they demotivate activists who are returning to demotivate activists who are engaged in anti-racist politics now which means that their movements do become white anti white embrace its yes-egg cards from a place of solidarity which is our argument that solidarity has to come from a place that allows for a variety of archers of politics which is with the atmosphere we get a permutation we have a defensive and not have a not being teed they have to prove a reason with the opposite that perm it's an act of argument because if you raise with the uh permisson and negarument because it agrees with the after-requase they don't control the cause there's a fundamental relationship between black women and the political that capitalism allows just a lot of the will be in power of an innocent it operates uniquely for a man to kindness that put the the fisher evidence they should lose for saying the vampire castling they are absolutely pathologies and they call splits against you steal the life of Marxists you don't get takes these backsees because our argument is the attachment to that rhetoric it is what justifies a current politics of the left a co-inabinance that they get the they didn't start that double-blind oh yeah they didn't answer the death of the government of disidentification is going to the Monterex and the current but the broken evidence says that either the f's epidemics disabine the assaults that is just one thing that's actually like the whole of the reverse you know and if that is the order is t the k and then the coast okay is that anything good top-guilding is a good number for sure because it maintains the secret which is important for strategizing against both anti-blackness and capital and for maintaining the competitive value to bait the after-the-dorse the model to be with no limits but no counter-interpretation where teams can just say whatever they want the one easy to start to bait however they want better never can be able to say got a risky position on how the world should be different there are two impacts that first research infinite new apps scratch the neck two thin and leave us with no role in the debate channeling competitive incentives and the third and fourth line testing abstractions for making the world better who defines our scholarship as activists and trains us to understand the institutional backdrop of our society so that we can either combat or improve it whatever your orientation towards institutional politics that helps to know those details in that knowledge is that in trends that good the one easy basically gives up on the big potentials of research community that's mobilized in favor of progressive institutional transformations constraining yourself within the limited topic takes on some risk of being wrong but we can use that to cultivate a better understand the world no matter what activist strategy you choose for yourself all of our single-payer good arguments are offense for this it's not a panacea but it wouldn't meanfully improve the lives of millions of black people that's a larger intro link to the psychic suffering impacts of the one easy the best way to bring that about is to a research community that's consistently interested in advocating and defending at the second impact is competition which is its own impact because debate is mostly about competitive merit and the quality of its falls and they become less fair it's not good for anybody in the documents a lot of value from the activity competitive incentives turn any aff education offense we can say it can see that strategy always rears the head it's had in colors the sort of arguments that we choose to read what does it accomplish at the debate community where every round people get up and announce they're disrupting the space in a different way how would anybody learn anything about that most of their arguments have a role for speech but not for contestation destruction does not solve anything unless it has an alternative and that's a flawed theory of political change the new possibilities sort of automatically open up once we've transgressed the norm transgressing norms oftentimes only upholds the legitimacy of those norms just ask if topicality was not a norm in debate with the one-seize political project even makes sense if not the one-seize a political debt and the can lead to a man's patience this is a brown argument on the capricate that they basically conceded the topical version of the app sells most of their offense because you could do healthcare for black people buy black people that is obviously an act of black protest but it disrupts the traditional norm of civil society that prevents folks from making radical demands on behalf of the race in favor of colorblindness you could disrupt evading norms of impact calc or causality on dissets by saying this particular policy the government taxing the US to finance black health care for black people would let you critique dissets and say the blackers should always be prioritized you could defend as a flight from traditional norms of wing impacts or vying lives of selves most of their arguments about white disruption is good while still leading the next summer all the conversation this is predictability's punishment that's not true key it's not punishment it's a critique of the one is this refusal to be tested it's a disagreement about how debate should be structured in the relationship between debate theory politics the weaponizing fairness argument fairness is an important sort of value to maintain otherwise there's no protection against the domination of minority groups as fairness in this context is also good for black debaters nobody would learn anything if you could just get up and say whatever you want ultimately resulted interesting one acs but sort of stale and repetitive two and ours in two a hours that devalcate a lot of value out of the activity for everybody this means the fairness debate is not just fairness good bad in the abstract but how does it work in this context apply to this norm what they said about topicality that specifically excludes black debaters and they're very light on all of that in the one are they say that we're tiny sounds black women that's not true the top of a version they have disproves that and also it's not correct because we're just proposing a disagreement with the one ac in the one ac cross sex they said rules good is offense against this it's not an attempt to silence you but rather an attempt to negotiate around that critique of the rules they say the new plans or pathologization that's not true we make new ass bad arguments against everybody we usually sort of go give up on it because it's still a argument and we'll also do that against you they say the fairness is a pretensive neutrality does a record perfect objectivity but less fairness is regressive in the particular in the context of debate where less well-resourced debaters love a harder time keeping up with all these new affirms this the true testing is pathology that's not true and this leaves no rule for disagreement if we can't test the ones these strategy we end up locking ourselves into a bunch of really counterproductive political conclusions there are forms of black protest that are bad and we need to be able to critique those for example the black neoliberal is an example from the two and see this is why you should start with skepticism for all arguments you should not so actively apply that to black folks we haven't done that either they say we don't criminalize new policy apps that's answered above unpredictability is not good because results in more still debates I explained above they say the top of a version of the f is them tell is us telling them how to protest not all firms of protest are good so we should actually debate about which forms of protest are more or less effective single peer does single peer does solve this sort of draft many education arguments because you could make an argument about how we should finance black doctors for black people and say that's a sort of flight from the medical system you can also read this on the negative is the critique of many of the operative norms of liberal politics is the one easy read the oppression of the oppression of the Olympics argument we're not saying the other professional Olympics we're instead saying you should try to render as objective or fairer decision as possible and avoid weaponizing those things against them as well pretty we're not going for the alternative they've dropped the blue door and argument that the sort of spectacle of disruption in the one EC's not an effective way of resisting racism or capitalism in fact it compounds the two of them because it is divorce revision for institutional transformation which means only the topical version of the f could solve it is the simulation of agency and little sort of cordoned off spaces like this that allow capital some to sustain itself otherwise becomes too grinding to be sustainable the permutation arguments they've made proves it's not offensive to require them to tack on a particular political agenda to what they've said in the one EC so they can't win any other offense on to the official argument they've dropped basically all of our answers to the sort of it is a random rant that Fisher gave about white Twitter leftist it's not in the evidence we read in the one and see and we are not saying that that is what the app is so even Fisher wouldn't say that's what the app is he's critiquing a totally different demographic of people they've also cut it in a really weird way to include single words from different paragraphs and construct a straw person of what he's saying first the depressive super thing is him talking about his own depression second the dark pathologies and psychological torturies the reference to elite to control academia third it's a little bit new and because he's saying post-crab life induces anxiety based on his own experience that's not pathologizing black folks the phrase ravenous bloodsuckers doesn't appear anywhere in the card in the side of the capitals economics the case page most of this is answered on t you should not accept any sort of black protest on face we should have debates about which forms are more or less effective racism debate is not tied to topicality you shouldn't do the things that q is saying are bad because they obviously are bad but voting negative you can think of that as a pick the challenges those things as well when it will continually maintain the norm of key to focus our discussions on things that can improve the world um yeah it's going to be the critique and then the case and then t ah ah Is it working good? I think it's really easy to hang your head on the vampires castle argument. The 2 and R is really good on all the shiny objects that you see throughout from the parts of their cart not applicable to the app but didn't answer the argument we made about them calling as vampires that suck the life out of Marxistat means we're a bad former, without a bad former protest. That is a direct link to their argument, all of their arguments in the tag of the one and see card about guilt and trauma meaning that we're a bad former protest that takes the life out of guilt, Marxist protest, etc. All forms of pathologization they have performed in this debate. They've conceded the co-innovates from the QAC on the case that says that individual resistance to forms of pathologization is the only impact that your ballot actually has any sort of meaning on because there are in-ran psychological and health impacts that you explicitly extended in the one they are that they have not answered and is the reason why all of the turns of all their kind of tea is neutral, etc. arguments, women arguments about how their topicality argument itself is pathologizing but their card is literally meant to say and tag to say that they think black croat as guilt brother is guilt brother is guilt brother is guilt brother is guilt brother is guilt provocation and pseudo meaning that made up ideas that we do something in order to make ourselves feel radical the thesis of this card as mentioned that it suggests that in sense by thinking meaningfully and creating political thinking that matters which used to be whiny and irrational which is the entire one AC about the way in which part of that protest itself is pathologized and that pathologization isn't neutral but has to be read in the context of the medical plantation and trade dominion etc. that takes the life of the majority out of the movement it shows which type of research their model is directed to all answer their kind of orgy orgy orgy orgy orgy that they made on the cave before I go to the case the blue horn were given is answer by the cow and evidence which they they extended above but it also it's just wrong I've read this card a thousand times and it's so dense and nonsense I don't understand that the J evidence is much better than solidarity has to be informed through individual forms of identity politics that rely on common goals but differentiating ground which is what the F does and the entirety of the permutation that they can see it is also a link turned to all their single layer good and actively active is some good arguments because I've only rejected the pathology leads to successful movements which was a dropped argument and the terminal of that to T they went for is that we become better single layer advocates only we solve the case they're super light here in the two one are so I don't have to do a whole lot black protestors are actively pathologized let me do medical plantation and theorization of trade dominion aka an illness that makes life leave with flea captivity or prevalent today in pathology protest is illness the affirmative the firms episemic disobedience in which is in the form keep all the beat deep of the oldization of protest is effective we've read that several pieces of evidence when most of the lead that's in hooker card and that come one that comes right after the advocacy statement the one I see that says the episemic disobedience is a way to rupture nor is it exist in the way they're argument about racism in the way not being tied to topicalities wrong we have made a huge uniqueness argument to fairness for like two minutes of the one they are that they fluently disregard as being unrelated or argument is that fairness is not neutral in the way that you can't be neatly divided into procedural and structural but the way in which those two can kind of interact in the confines of a single debate always is weaponized against black invaders because their pathologist is being aggressive and aggressive and not knowing about the topic etc which is all the Whitney of examples q gave that I don't have to go through there obviously related to see because the term really had their going for fairness but they have not what a unique disordinary and about fairness and debate being fair now go to topicality it is a form of pathologization in the office of flight from the resolution taking refuge from the messer that are in city of some blackness harvests entire strategy realized but pathologizing blackness that replicate the humanity of it there appeal the predictability etc is not kept to make it to live's docile and enforce punishment based on arbitrary standards which is the whole 207 is not the way that drapedomania is applied in academia now which I think is the power card but I'm not totally sure the research argument truth that thing is a form of pathology is a form of a form of pathology it criminoses black invaders the whole thesis of their arguments just like if we weren't prepared to debate it because we're bad at research then you should resume the office false with that obviously wrong in a form of criminality that doesn't get extended enough other tea debates the argument that we're good at research because we kind of pick is obviously true and truth our model of research is probably better the single pair good stuff I leave I've internal link turned on the capitalism K. They say that it is a strategy focus colors all arguments with our argument is that that strategy focus can't be divorced from its general context that I talked about on the case of how that then we'll get to the land with strategies happen the after then having to base about episemic disobedience are possible they can criticize the methodology of episemic disobedience we're having a pretty okay camp to debate with kind of blue horned links etc. the burgundy and was refusal but they didn't go for that argument so I don't think that I have to answer it in this piece this is that the episode dead end politics we're not just topicality bad the F would obviously have meaning abs absent and normed requirement is the arguments by the way in which scholarships surrounding any child exists as a form of pathology that is based in a medical plantation will be hurried or our evidence it's super new super good and really we're really impactful here the business we're not just topicality bad the single pair TVA they've dropped a form content distinction the path of the 70s that there like that they can just tell us that the protests is alright and you can protest through single pair but the way you're doing it is wrong is the tag of the kind of shit that cap or it can't be go through the pathology is that who I'm reprocessed is independently better we've read a piece of evidence and they just have he needs assertions the fairness argument is weaponized in this context which it's kind of the whole uniqueness of it I did above but the idea that it's good in a general strategy to have doesn't necessarily it doesn't disprove the willish in every sense of the way it's weaponizing is black and brown brown bodies in order always focus today's kind of institutional reformism that doesn't mean institutional reforms are always bad but it does mean that we're always focusing on their pathology and the purchase that people who don't think that they can do the dumb thing they can engage the bank person example it's wrong our argument is not that black people are immune for criticism because obviously the answer can be a little bit with an idea there should be some sort of role for the negative to contest the idea but there are dominant notions that kind of flood the academy that we're looking to the dominant modalities of knowledge that have to be contested been in person obviously is one of the people who subscribe to this dumb and modalities the less hurt going on that work is defense single pair only top it's her keeper boring and having flexibility it's obviously good to say to the condobator king of the next days and the condobator but it kind of stay on the affer writes up relevant form of education within the topic to be super clerk saying he went for a pick in another debate makes this to be and this protest is not needed shows that their pathology has it got they perform pathology in this debate they've not said the have a better idea can this is the final for the NET